src/main/java/com/lostshard/Alts/IpManager.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Alts/IpManager.java:3:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Alts/IpManager.java:3:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Alts/PlayerConnection.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Alts/PlayerConnection.java:7:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Alts/PlayerConnection.java:9:	Avoid variables with short names like ip
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Alts/PlayerConnection.java:9:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Alts/PlayerConnection.java:10:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Alts/PlayerConnection.java:11:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Alts/PlayerConnection.java:12:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Alts/PlayerConnection.java:14:	Avoid variables with short names like ip
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Alts/PlayerConnection.java:14:	Parameter 'ip' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Alts/PlayerConnection.java:14:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Alts/PlayerConnection.java:14:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Alts/PlayerConnection.java:18:	Avoid variables with short names like ip
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Alts/PlayerConnection.java:18:	Parameter 'ip' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Alts/PlayerConnection.java:18:	Parameter 'join' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Alts/PlayerConnection.java:18:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Alts/PlayerConnection.java:18:	Parameter 'quit' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Alts/PlayerConnection.java:18:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Alts/PlayerConnection.java:25:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Alts/PlayerConnection.java:29:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Alts/PlayerConnection.java:33:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Alts/PlayerConnection.java:37:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/BanManager/Ban.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/BanManager/Ban.java:12:	Avoid short class names like Ban
src/main/java/com/lostshard/BanManager/Ban.java:12:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/BanManager/Ban.java:17:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/lostshard/BanManager/Ban.java:17:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/BanManager/Ban.java:17:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/BanManager/Ban.java:18:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/BanManager/Ban.java:19:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/BanManager/Ban.java:20:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/BanManager/Ban.java:21:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/BanManager/Ban.java:22:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/BanManager/Ban.java:24:	Parameter 'admin' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/BanManager/Ban.java:24:	Parameter 'duration' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/BanManager/Ban.java:24:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/BanManager/Ban.java:24:	Parameter 'reason' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/BanManager/Ban.java:24:	Parameter 'time' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/BanManager/Ban.java:24:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/BanManager/Ban.java:32:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/BanManager/Ban.java:36:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/BanManager/Ban.java:40:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/BanManager/Ban.java:44:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/BanManager/Ban.java:48:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/BanManager/Ban.java:52:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/BanManager/BanManager.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/BanManager/BanManager.java:3:	A class which only has private constructors should be final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/BanManager/BanManager.java:3:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/BanManager/BanManager.java:5:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/BanManager/BanManager.java:7:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Crates/Crate.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Crates/Crate.java:17:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Crates/Crate.java:19:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Crates/Crate.java:19:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Crates/Crate.java:20:	It is somewhat confusing to have a field name matching the declaring class name
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Crates/Crate.java:20:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Crates/Crate.java:21:	Avoid variables with short names like rs
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Crates/Crate.java:21:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Crates/Crate.java:23:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Crates/Crate.java:23:	Avoid variables with short names like rs
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Crates/Crate.java:23:	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Crates/Crate.java:23:	Parameter 'lore' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Crates/Crate.java:23:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Crates/Crate.java:23:	Parameter 'rs' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Crates/Crate.java:23:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Crates/Crate.java:37:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Crates/Crate.java:41:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Crates/Crate.java:45:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Crates/Crate.java:49:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Crates/Crate.java:53:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Crates/Crate.java:53:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Crates/Crate.java:54:	Avoid variables with short names like w
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Crates/Crate.java:56:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Crates/Crate.java:56:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Crates/Crate.java:59:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Crates/Crate.java:60:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Crates/Crate.java:63:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Crates/Crate.java:65:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Crates/Crate.java:66:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Crates/Crate.java:66:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Crates/Crate.java:66:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Crates/Crate.java:66:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Crates/Crate.java:66:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Crates/Crate.java:68:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Crates/CrateManager.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Crates/CrateManager.java:16:	A class which only has private constructors should be final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Crates/CrateManager.java:16:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Crates/CrateManager.java:18:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Crates/CrateManager.java:20:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Crates/CrateManager.java:24:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Crates/CrateManager.java:24:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Crates/CrateManager.java:29:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Crates/CrateManager.java:31:	Avoid variables with short names like rs
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Crates/CrateManager.java:40:	Do not use the short type
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Crates/CrateManager.java:57:	Do not use the short type
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Crates/CrateManager.java:58:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Crates/CrateManager.java:58:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Crates/CrateManager.java:58:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Crates/CrateManager.java:68:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Crates/CrateManager.java:71:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'c' (lines '71'-'73').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Crates/CrateManager.java:71:	Parameter 'item' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Crates/CrateManager.java:71:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Crates/CrateManager.java:72:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Crates/CrateManager.java:73:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Crates/CrateManager.java:73:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Crates/CrateManager.java:74:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Crates/CrateManager.java:74:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Crates/CrateManager.java:75:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Crates/CrateManager.java:75:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Crates/CrateManager.java:76:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Crates/CrateManager.java:76:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Crates/CrateManager.java:77:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Crates/CrateManager.java:78:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Crates/CrateManager.java:82:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Crates/CratePlayerListener.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Crates/CratePlayerListener.java:15:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Crates/CratePlayerListener.java:17:	Avoid variables with short names like cm
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Crates/CratePlayerListener.java:17:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Crates/CratePlayerListener.java:17:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Crates/CratePlayerListener.java:17:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Crates/CratePlayerListener.java:19:	Parameter 'plugin' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Crates/CratePlayerListener.java:19:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Crates/CratePlayerListener.java:24:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Crates/CratePlayerListener.java:24:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Crates/CratePlayerListener.java:27:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Crates/CratePlayerListener.java:27:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Crates/CratePlayerListener.java:27:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Crates/CratePlayerListener.java:28:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Crates/CratePlayerListener.java:29:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Crates/CratePlayerListener.java:31:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Crates/CratePlayerListener.java:31:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Crates/CratePlayerListener.java:31:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Crates/CratePlayerListener.java:31:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Crates/CratePlayerListener.java:31:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Crates/CratePlayerListener.java:31:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Crates/CratePlayerListener.java:32:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Crates/CratePlayerListener.java:32:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Crates/CratePlayerListener.java:33:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Crates/CratePlayerListener.java:34:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Crates/CratePlayerListener.java:34:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Crates/CratePlayerListener.java:35:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Crates/CratePlayerListener.java:35:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Crates/CratePlayerListener.java:35:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Crates/CratePlayerListener.java:37:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Crates/CratePlayerListener.java:37:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Crates/CratePlayerListener.java:37:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Crates/CratePlayerListener.java:38:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Crates/CratePlayerListener.java:39:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Crates/CratePlayerListener.java:39:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Crates/CratePlayerListener.java:39:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Crates/CratePlayerListener.java:39:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Crates/CratePlayerListener.java:40:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Crates/CratePlayerListener.java:40:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Crates/CratePlayerListener.java:40:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Crates/CratePlayerListener.java:40:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Crates/CratePlayerListener.java:41:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Crates/CratePlayerListener.java:41:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Crates/CratePlayerListener.java:41:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Crates/CratePlayerListener.java:41:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:1:	Possible God class (WMC=76, ATFD=65, TCC=0.0)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:29:	The class 'AdminCommand' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 6 (Highest = 32).
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:29:	The class 'AdminCommand' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 6 (Highest = 32).
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:29:	The class 'AdminCommand' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 6 (Highest = 32).
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:29:	This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:29:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:31:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:31:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:31:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:32:	Avoid variables with short names like pm
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:32:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:32:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:32:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:38:	Parameter 'plugin' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:43:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:43:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:43:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:44:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:46:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:53:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:57:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:57:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:57:	Parameter 'sender' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:60:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:63:	The String literal "Unknown command" appears 10 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 63
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:69:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:69:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:70:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'type' (lines '70'-'72').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:71:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:72:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:75:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:76:	Avoid throwing raw exception types.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:79:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'amount' (lines '79'-'81').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:79:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:80:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:88:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:88:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:88:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:92:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:97:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:97:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:97:	Parameter 'sender' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:100:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:107:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:108:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:111:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:112:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:113:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:119:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:119:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'p' (lines '119'-'126').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:119:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:119:	Parameter 'sender' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:120:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:124:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:126:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:126:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:133:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:133:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:133:	Parameter 'sender' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:134:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:136:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:143:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:145:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:145:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'tpPlayer' (lines '145'-'166').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:148:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'amount' (lines '148'-'166').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:148:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:149:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:151:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:153:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:153:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:161:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:162:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:162:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:163:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:164:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:165:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:168:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:168:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:168:	Parameter 'sender' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:171:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:174:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:176:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:178:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:183:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:183:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:187:	Avoid really long methods.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:187:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:187:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:187:	Parameter 'cmd' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:187:	Parameter 'sender' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:187:	Parameter 'string' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:187:	The method 'onCommand' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 32.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:187:	The method 'onCommand' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 32.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:187:	The method 'onCommand' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 32.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:187:	The method onCommand() has an NCSS line count of 111
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:187:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:188:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:191:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:195:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:198:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:200:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:202:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:204:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:207:	Position literals first in String comparisons for EqualsIgnoreCase
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:207:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:208:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:209:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:209:	Position literals first in String comparisons for EqualsIgnoreCase
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:209:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:211:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:214:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:218:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:222:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:225:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:229:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:233:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:236:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:239:	Avoid variables with short names like cm
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:240:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:240:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:241:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:241:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:241:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:241:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:243:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:243:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:244:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:244:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:244:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:244:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:247:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:248:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:251:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:255:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:259:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:260:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:261:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:263:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:265:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:266:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:267:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:269:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:271:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:272:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:273:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:275:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:277:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:278:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:279:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:280:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:281:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:282:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:283:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:284:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:285:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:289:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:289:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:290:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:290:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:290:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:293:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:293:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:293:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:297:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:303:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:303:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:303:	Parameter 'sender' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:304:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:312:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:312:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:312:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:313:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:315:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:317:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:320:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:324:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:326:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:327:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:329:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:335:	JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:335:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:335:	Parameter 'uuid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:335:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:340:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:343:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:348:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:348:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:348:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:349:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:351:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:359:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:360:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:363:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:363:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'w' (lines '363'-'371').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:363:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:363:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:363:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:364:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:366:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:368:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'name' (lines '368'-'379').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:369:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'world' (lines '369'-'372').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:370:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:371:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:371:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:372:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'world' (lines '372'-'372').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:377:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/AdminCommand.java:378:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/BankCommand.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/BankCommand.java:27:	The class 'BankCommand' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 5 (Highest = 10).
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/BankCommand.java:29:	Avoid variables with short names like pm
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/BankCommand.java:29:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/BankCommand.java:29:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/BankCommand.java:29:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/BankCommand.java:30:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/BankCommand.java:30:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/BankCommand.java:30:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/BankCommand.java:36:	Parameter 'plugin' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/BankCommand.java:45:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'npc' (lines '45'-'53').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/BankCommand.java:45:	Parameter 'sender' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/BankCommand.java:48:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/BankCommand.java:51:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'pPlayer' (lines '51'-'59').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/BankCommand.java:52:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/BankCommand.java:53:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/BankCommand.java:54:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/BankCommand.java:54:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/BankCommand.java:54:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/BankCommand.java:54:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/BankCommand.java:55:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/BankCommand.java:58:	Avoid unnecessary return statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/BankCommand.java:58:	Avoid unnecessary return statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/BankCommand.java:61:	Avoid unused method parameters such as 'args'.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/BankCommand.java:61:	Avoid unused method parameters such as 'sender'.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/BankCommand.java:61:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/BankCommand.java:61:	Document empty method body
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/BankCommand.java:61:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/BankCommand.java:61:	Parameter 'sender' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/BankCommand.java:66:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/BankCommand.java:66:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/BankCommand.java:66:	Parameter 'cmd' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/BankCommand.java:66:	Parameter 'sender' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/BankCommand.java:66:	Parameter 'string' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/BankCommand.java:66:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/BankCommand.java:67:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/BankCommand.java:68:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/BankCommand.java:69:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/BankCommand.java:70:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/BankCommand.java:71:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/BankCommand.java:72:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/BankCommand.java:73:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/BankCommand.java:73:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/BankCommand.java:79:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/BankCommand.java:79:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/BankCommand.java:79:	Parameter 'cmd' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/BankCommand.java:79:	Parameter 'sender' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/BankCommand.java:79:	Parameter 'string' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/BankCommand.java:79:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/BankCommand.java:80:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/BankCommand.java:80:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/BankCommand.java:81:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/BankCommand.java:81:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/BankCommand.java:81:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/BankCommand.java:83:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/BankCommand.java:83:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/BankCommand.java:85:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/BankCommand.java:85:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/BankCommand.java:86:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/BankCommand.java:86:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/BankCommand.java:87:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/BankCommand.java:88:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/BankCommand.java:88:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/BankCommand.java:89:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/BankCommand.java:99:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/BankCommand.java:99:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/BankCommand.java:99:	Parameter 'sender' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/BankCommand.java:99:	The method 'pay' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/BankCommand.java:100:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/BankCommand.java:102:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/BankCommand.java:109:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/BankCommand.java:111:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/BankCommand.java:111:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'tpPlayer' (lines '111'-'140').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/BankCommand.java:114:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'amount' (lines '114'-'140').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/BankCommand.java:114:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/BankCommand.java:115:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/BankCommand.java:117:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/BankCommand.java:119:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/BankCommand.java:119:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/BankCommand.java:123:	Use equals() to compare object references.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/BankCommand.java:125:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/BankCommand.java:128:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/BankCommand.java:129:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/BankCommand.java:129:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/BankCommand.java:130:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/BankCommand.java:133:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/BankCommand.java:135:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/BankCommand.java:136:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/BankCommand.java:136:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/BankCommand.java:137:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/BankCommand.java:138:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/BankCommand.java:139:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/BankCommand.java:148:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/BankCommand.java:148:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/BankCommand.java:148:	Parameter 'sender' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/BankCommand.java:151:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/BankCommand.java:154:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/BankCommand.java:154:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'pPlayer' (lines '154'-'178').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/BankCommand.java:155:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/BankCommand.java:158:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/BankCommand.java:162:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/BankCommand.java:162:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/BankCommand.java:163:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'amount' (lines '163'-'178').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/BankCommand.java:163:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/BankCommand.java:165:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'amount' (lines '165'-'178').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/BankCommand.java:165:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/BankCommand.java:167:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/BankCommand.java:171:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/BankCommand.java:171:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/BankCommand.java:172:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/BankCommand.java:173:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/BankCommand.java:177:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/BlackSmithyCommand.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/BlackSmithyCommand.java:11:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/BlackSmithyCommand.java:13:	Parameter 'plugin' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/BlackSmithyCommand.java:13:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/BlackSmithyCommand.java:17:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/BlackSmithyCommand.java:22:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/BlackSmithyCommand.java:22:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/BlackSmithyCommand.java:22:	Parameter 'cmd' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/BlackSmithyCommand.java:22:	Parameter 'sender' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/BlackSmithyCommand.java:22:	Parameter 'string' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/BlackSmithyCommand.java:22:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/BlackSmithyCommand.java:23:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/BlackSmithyCommand.java:26:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/BlackSmithyCommand.java:30:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/BlackSmithyCommand.java:31:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/BlackSmithyCommand.java:34:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/BlackSmithyCommand.java:38:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/BlackSmithyCommand.java:39:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/BlackSmithyCommand.java:42:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/BlackSmithyCommand.java:46:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/BlackSmithyCommand.java:51:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/BlackSmithyCommand.java:55:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChatCommand.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChatCommand.java:23:	The class 'ChatCommand' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 12).
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChatCommand.java:23:	The class 'ChatCommand' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 12).
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChatCommand.java:23:	The class 'ChatCommand' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 12).
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChatCommand.java:23:	This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChatCommand.java:25:	Avoid variables with short names like pm
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChatCommand.java:25:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChatCommand.java:25:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChatCommand.java:25:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChatCommand.java:31:	Parameter 'plugin' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChatCommand.java:41:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChatCommand.java:41:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChatCommand.java:41:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChatCommand.java:43:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChatCommand.java:44:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChatCommand.java:50:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChatCommand.java:51:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChatCommand.java:53:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChatCommand.java:62:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChatCommand.java:62:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChatCommand.java:62:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChatCommand.java:64:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChatCommand.java:65:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChatCommand.java:71:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChatCommand.java:72:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChatCommand.java:74:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChatCommand.java:83:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChatCommand.java:83:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChatCommand.java:83:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChatCommand.java:85:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChatCommand.java:86:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChatCommand.java:92:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChatCommand.java:93:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChatCommand.java:95:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChatCommand.java:98:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChatCommand.java:98:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChatCommand.java:98:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChatCommand.java:99:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChatCommand.java:101:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChatCommand.java:107:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChatCommand.java:109:	Use equals() to compare object references.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChatCommand.java:116:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChatCommand.java:117:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChatCommand.java:119:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChatCommand.java:119:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChatCommand.java:119:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChatCommand.java:120:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChatCommand.java:120:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChatCommand.java:121:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChatCommand.java:126:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChatCommand.java:126:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChatCommand.java:126:	Parameter 'cmd' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChatCommand.java:126:	Parameter 'sender' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChatCommand.java:126:	Parameter 'string' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChatCommand.java:126:	The method 'onCommand' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 12.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChatCommand.java:126:	The method 'onCommand' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 12.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChatCommand.java:126:	The method 'onCommand' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 12.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChatCommand.java:126:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChatCommand.java:129:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChatCommand.java:131:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'player' (lines '131'-'153').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChatCommand.java:132:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChatCommand.java:133:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChatCommand.java:134:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChatCommand.java:135:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChatCommand.java:136:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChatCommand.java:137:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChatCommand.java:138:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChatCommand.java:139:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChatCommand.java:140:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChatCommand.java:141:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChatCommand.java:142:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChatCommand.java:143:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChatCommand.java:144:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChatCommand.java:145:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChatCommand.java:146:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChatCommand.java:147:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChatCommand.java:148:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChatCommand.java:149:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChatCommand.java:150:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChatCommand.java:150:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChatCommand.java:156:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChatCommand.java:156:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChatCommand.java:156:	Parameter 'cmd' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChatCommand.java:156:	Parameter 'sender' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChatCommand.java:156:	Parameter 'string' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChatCommand.java:156:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChatCommand.java:157:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChatCommand.java:157:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChatCommand.java:159:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChatCommand.java:159:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChatCommand.java:161:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChatCommand.java:161:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChatCommand.java:171:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChatCommand.java:171:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChatCommand.java:171:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChatCommand.java:173:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChatCommand.java:174:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChatCommand.java:180:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChatCommand.java:181:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChatCommand.java:183:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChatCommand.java:186:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChatCommand.java:186:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChatCommand.java:186:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChatCommand.java:188:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChatCommand.java:190:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChatCommand.java:193:	Avoid variables with short names like to
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChatCommand.java:193:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChatCommand.java:195:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChatCommand.java:196:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChatCommand.java:196:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChatCommand.java:200:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChatCommand.java:200:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChatCommand.java:203:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChatCommand.java:205:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChatCommand.java:215:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChatCommand.java:215:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChatCommand.java:215:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChatCommand.java:217:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChatCommand.java:218:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChatCommand.java:224:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChatCommand.java:225:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChatCommand.java:227:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChatCommand.java:230:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChatCommand.java:232:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChatCommand.java:233:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChatCommand.java:236:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChatCommand.java:241:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChatCommand.java:243:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChatCommand.java:244:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChatCommand.java:247:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChatCommand.java:258:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChatCommand.java:258:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChatCommand.java:258:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChatCommand.java:260:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChatCommand.java:261:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChatCommand.java:267:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChatCommand.java:268:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChatCommand.java:270:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChestRefillCommand.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChestRefillCommand.java:17:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChestRefillCommand.java:19:	Avoid variables with short names like cm
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChestRefillCommand.java:19:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChestRefillCommand.java:19:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChestRefillCommand.java:19:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChestRefillCommand.java:21:	Parameter 'plugin' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChestRefillCommand.java:21:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChestRefillCommand.java:25:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChestRefillCommand.java:25:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChestRefillCommand.java:25:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChestRefillCommand.java:26:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChestRefillCommand.java:27:	The String literal "/dc create (minMinuters) (maxMinuters)" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 27
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChestRefillCommand.java:28:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChestRefillCommand.java:31:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChestRefillCommand.java:31:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChestRefillCommand.java:32:	The String literal "Invalid target." appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 32
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChestRefillCommand.java:33:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChestRefillCommand.java:35:	Avoid variables with short names like cr
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChestRefillCommand.java:38:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChestRefillCommand.java:43:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'rangeMin' (lines '43'-'56').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChestRefillCommand.java:43:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChestRefillCommand.java:44:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'rangeMax' (lines '44'-'56').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChestRefillCommand.java:44:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChestRefillCommand.java:45:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChestRefillCommand.java:53:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChestRefillCommand.java:53:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChestRefillCommand.java:58:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChestRefillCommand.java:60:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChestRefillCommand.java:60:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChestRefillCommand.java:60:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChestRefillCommand.java:62:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChestRefillCommand.java:64:	Avoid variables with short names like cr
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChestRefillCommand.java:64:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChestRefillCommand.java:69:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChestRefillCommand.java:73:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChestRefillCommand.java:75:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChestRefillCommand.java:75:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChestRefillCommand.java:75:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChestRefillCommand.java:77:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChestRefillCommand.java:79:	Avoid variables with short names like cr
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChestRefillCommand.java:79:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChestRefillCommand.java:88:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChestRefillCommand.java:90:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChestRefillCommand.java:90:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChestRefillCommand.java:90:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChestRefillCommand.java:92:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChestRefillCommand.java:94:	Avoid variables with short names like cr
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChestRefillCommand.java:94:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChestRefillCommand.java:99:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChestRefillCommand.java:99:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChestRefillCommand.java:99:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChestRefillCommand.java:99:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChestRefillCommand.java:99:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChestRefillCommand.java:99:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChestRefillCommand.java:99:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChestRefillCommand.java:100:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChestRefillCommand.java:104:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChestRefillCommand.java:104:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChestRefillCommand.java:104:	Parameter 'cmd' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChestRefillCommand.java:104:	Parameter 'sender' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChestRefillCommand.java:104:	Parameter 'string' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChestRefillCommand.java:104:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChestRefillCommand.java:105:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChestRefillCommand.java:108:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChestRefillCommand.java:111:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChestRefillCommand.java:117:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChestRefillCommand.java:120:	Position literals first in String comparisons for EqualsIgnoreCase
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChestRefillCommand.java:120:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChestRefillCommand.java:121:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChestRefillCommand.java:122:	Position literals first in String comparisons for EqualsIgnoreCase
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChestRefillCommand.java:122:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChestRefillCommand.java:123:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChestRefillCommand.java:124:	Position literals first in String comparisons for EqualsIgnoreCase
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChestRefillCommand.java:124:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChestRefillCommand.java:125:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChestRefillCommand.java:126:	Position literals first in String comparisons for EqualsIgnoreCase
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChestRefillCommand.java:126:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChestRefillCommand.java:127:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChestRefillCommand.java:134:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ChestRefillCommand.java:136:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:1:	Possible God class (WMC=109, ATFD=132, TCC=0.0)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:23:	The class 'ClanCommand' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 8 (Highest = 16).
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:23:	The class 'ClanCommand' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 7 (Highest = 16).
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:23:	The class 'ClanCommand' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 7 (Highest = 16).
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:23:	This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:23:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:25:	Avoid variables with short names like pm
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:25:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:25:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:25:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:26:	Avoid variables with short names like cm
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:26:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:26:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:26:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:28:	Parameter 'plugin' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:28:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:32:	The String literal "deprecation" appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 32
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:33:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:33:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:33:	Parameter 'split' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:34:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:36:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:37:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:38:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:40:	Avoid excessively long variable names like targetOfflinePlayer
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:41:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:42:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:42:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:43:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:43:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:44:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:45:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:46:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:46:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:48:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:48:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:49:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:49:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:50:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:50:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:51:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:57:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:59:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:61:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:63:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:63:	The String literal "You are not currently in a clan." appears 8 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 63
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:65:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:65:	The String literal "Use \"/clan invite (player name)\"" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 65
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:68:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'p' (lines '68'-'76').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:68:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:70:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:71:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:72:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:73:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:74:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:77:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:80:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:82:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:85:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:87:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:88:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:89:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:91:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:94:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:94:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:94:	Parameter 'split' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:94:	The method 'clanInvite' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 12.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:95:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:97:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:98:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:99:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:99:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:101:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:102:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:103:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:103:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:103:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:104:	Avoid excessively long variable names like targetPseudoPlayer
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:105:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:106:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:106:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:106:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:106:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:107:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:107:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:108:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:108:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:108:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:109:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:109:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:111:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:114:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:116:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:127:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:128:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:130:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:132:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:134:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:136:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:138:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:140:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:143:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:146:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:146:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'clan' (lines '146'-'166').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:146:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:146:	Parameter 'split' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:146:	The method 'clanJoin' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 15.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:146:	The method 'clanJoin' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 13.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:146:	The method 'clanJoin' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 13.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:146:	The method clanJoin() has an NPath complexity of 327
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:148:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:148:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:149:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:149:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:149:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:151:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:153:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:155:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'clanName' (lines '155'-'162').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:157:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:158:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:159:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:162:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:164:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'clanFound' (lines '164'-'167').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:165:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:166:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:166:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:166:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:167:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'clanFound' (lines '167'-'167').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:169:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:170:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:171:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:171:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:171:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:175:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:175:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:175:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:176:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:177:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:179:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:180:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:181:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:183:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:184:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:185:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:186:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:189:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:192:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:194:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:196:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:199:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:199:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:199:	Parameter 'split' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:199:	The method 'clanKick' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:200:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:202:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:203:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:204:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:204:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:207:	Avoid excessively long variable names like targetOfflinePlayer
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:208:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:209:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:209:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:210:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'targetPlayer' (lines '210'-'232').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:210:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:211:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:211:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:212:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:212:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:213:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:213:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:214:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:214:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:215:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:217:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:219:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:221:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:223:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:225:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:227:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:229:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:231:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:234:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:236:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:237:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:238:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:238:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:239:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:240:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:241:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:242:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:248:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:252:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:252:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:252:	Parameter 'split' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:253:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:255:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:256:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:257:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:259:	Avoid excessively long variable names like targetOfflinePlayer
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:260:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:261:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:261:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:262:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:262:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:262:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:263:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:263:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:264:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:268:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:270:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:270:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:271:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:271:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:275:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:277:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:279:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:281:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:283:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:285:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:288:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:288:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:288:	Parameter 'split' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:289:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:294:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:295:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:296:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:299:	Avoid excessively long variable names like targetOfflinePlayer
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:300:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:301:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:301:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:302:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:302:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:303:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:303:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:304:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'targetPlayer' (lines '304'-'325').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:304:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:306:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:306:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:307:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:307:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:308:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:308:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:309:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:310:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:311:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:313:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:314:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:316:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:318:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:320:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:322:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:324:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:328:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:328:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:328:	Parameter 'split' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:329:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:331:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:332:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:333:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:333:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:335:	Avoid excessively long variable names like targetOfflinePlayer
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:336:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:336:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:337:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:337:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:338:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:338:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:339:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:340:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:342:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:344:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:346:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:348:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:350:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:354:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:354:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'c' (lines '354'-'371').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:354:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:354:	Parameter 'split' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:354:	The method 'createClan' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:354:	The method 'createClan' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:354:	The method 'createClan' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:355:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:357:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:359:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'clanName' (lines '359'-'366').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:361:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:362:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:363:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:366:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:368:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:368:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:369:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'nameExists' (lines '369'-'372').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:370:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:371:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:371:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:376:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:377:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:378:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:380:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:380:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:386:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:386:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:387:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:389:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:391:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:393:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:395:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:397:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:400:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'clan' (lines '400'-'402').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:400:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:400:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:401:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:402:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:403:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:408:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:408:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:408:	Parameter 'cmd' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:408:	Parameter 'sender' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:408:	Parameter 'string' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:408:	The method 'onCommand' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 16.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:408:	The method 'onCommand' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 16.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:408:	The method 'onCommand' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 16.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:408:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:409:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:412:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:415:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:417:	Position literals first in String comparisons for EqualsIgnoreCase
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:417:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:418:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:419:	Position literals first in String comparisons for EqualsIgnoreCase
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:419:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:420:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:421:	Position literals first in String comparisons for EqualsIgnoreCase
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:421:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:422:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:423:	Position literals first in String comparisons for EqualsIgnoreCase
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:423:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:424:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:425:	Position literals first in String comparisons for EqualsIgnoreCase
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:425:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:426:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:427:	Position literals first in String comparisons for EqualsIgnoreCase
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:427:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:428:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:429:	Position literals first in String comparisons for EqualsIgnoreCase
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:429:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:430:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:431:	Position literals first in String comparisons for EqualsIgnoreCase
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:431:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:432:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:433:	Position literals first in String comparisons for EqualsIgnoreCase
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:433:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:434:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:435:	Position literals first in String comparisons for EqualsIgnoreCase
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:435:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:436:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:437:	Position literals first in String comparisons for EqualsIgnoreCase
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:437:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:438:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:439:	Position literals first in String comparisons for EqualsIgnoreCase
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:439:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:440:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:442:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:444:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:445:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:447:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:451:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:451:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:451:	Parameter 'cmd' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:451:	Parameter 'sender' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:451:	Parameter 'string' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:451:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:452:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:452:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ClanCommand.java:453:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ControlPointsCommand.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ControlPointsCommand.java:24:	The class 'ControlPointsCommand' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 6 (Highest = 12).
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ControlPointsCommand.java:26:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ControlPointsCommand.java:26:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ControlPointsCommand.java:26:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ControlPointsCommand.java:27:	Avoid variables with short names like pm
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ControlPointsCommand.java:27:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ControlPointsCommand.java:27:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ControlPointsCommand.java:27:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ControlPointsCommand.java:29:	Parameter 'plugin' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ControlPointsCommand.java:29:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ControlPointsCommand.java:33:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ControlPointsCommand.java:33:	The method 'claim' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 12.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ControlPointsCommand.java:33:	The method claim() has an NPath complexity of 300
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ControlPointsCommand.java:35:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ControlPointsCommand.java:37:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ControlPointsCommand.java:40:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ControlPointsCommand.java:42:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ControlPointsCommand.java:43:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ControlPointsCommand.java:47:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ControlPointsCommand.java:47:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ControlPointsCommand.java:47:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ControlPointsCommand.java:47:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ControlPointsCommand.java:48:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ControlPointsCommand.java:49:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ControlPointsCommand.java:53:	Avoid variables with short names like cp
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ControlPointsCommand.java:53:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ControlPointsCommand.java:54:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ControlPointsCommand.java:56:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ControlPointsCommand.java:56:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ControlPointsCommand.java:56:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ControlPointsCommand.java:56:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ControlPointsCommand.java:56:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ControlPointsCommand.java:56:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ControlPointsCommand.java:56:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ControlPointsCommand.java:56:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ControlPointsCommand.java:58:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ControlPointsCommand.java:59:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ControlPointsCommand.java:62:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ControlPointsCommand.java:62:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ControlPointsCommand.java:64:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ControlPointsCommand.java:67:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ControlPointsCommand.java:67:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ControlPointsCommand.java:68:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ControlPointsCommand.java:69:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ControlPointsCommand.java:72:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ControlPointsCommand.java:72:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ControlPointsCommand.java:72:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ControlPointsCommand.java:72:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ControlPointsCommand.java:73:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ControlPointsCommand.java:74:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ControlPointsCommand.java:77:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ControlPointsCommand.java:77:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ControlPointsCommand.java:85:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ControlPointsCommand.java:88:	Avoid unnecessary return statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ControlPointsCommand.java:88:	Avoid unnecessary return statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ControlPointsCommand.java:92:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ControlPointsCommand.java:92:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ControlPointsCommand.java:92:	Parameter 'cmd' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ControlPointsCommand.java:92:	Parameter 'sender' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ControlPointsCommand.java:92:	Parameter 'string' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ControlPointsCommand.java:92:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ControlPointsCommand.java:93:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ControlPointsCommand.java:96:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ControlPointsCommand.java:100:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ControlPointsCommand.java:101:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ControlPointsCommand.java:104:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ControlPointsCommand.java:108:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/FishingCommand.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/FishingCommand.java:11:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/FishingCommand.java:13:	Parameter 'plugin' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/FishingCommand.java:13:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/FishingCommand.java:18:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/FishingCommand.java:18:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/FishingCommand.java:18:	Parameter 'cmd' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/FishingCommand.java:18:	Parameter 'sender' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/FishingCommand.java:18:	Parameter 'string' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/FishingCommand.java:18:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/FishingCommand.java:19:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/FishingCommand.java:22:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/FishingCommand.java:26:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/LostshardCommand.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/LostshardCommand.java:13:	Abstract classes should be named AbstractXXX
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/LostshardCommand.java:13:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/LostshardCommand.java:15:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/LostshardCommand.java:17:	Parameter 'commands' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/LostshardCommand.java:17:	Parameter 'plugin' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/LostshardCommand.java:17:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/LostshardCommand.java:19:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/LostshardCommand.java:23:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/LostshardCommand.java:28:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/LostshardCommand.java:28:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/LostshardCommand.java:31:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/LostshardCommand.java:31:	Parameter 'alias' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/LostshardCommand.java:31:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/LostshardCommand.java:31:	Parameter 'command' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/LostshardCommand.java:31:	Parameter 'sender' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/LostshardCommand.java:31:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:1:	Possible God class (WMC=78, ATFD=74, TCC=0.0)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:30:	The class 'MageryCommand' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 10 (Highest = 27).
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:30:	The class 'MageryCommand' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 8 (Highest = 20).
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:30:	The class 'MageryCommand' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 8 (Highest = 20).
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:30:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:32:	Avoid variables with short names like pm
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:32:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:32:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:32:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:33:	Avoid variables with short names like sm
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:33:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:33:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:33:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:39:	Parameter 'plugin' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:43:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:43:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:43:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:44:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:44:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:46:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:48:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:50:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:55:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:55:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:59:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:61:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:62:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:63:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:64:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:67:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:68:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:73:	Parameter 'pPlayer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:73:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:73:	Parameter 'scroll' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:74:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:76:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:82:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:82:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:82:	Parameter 'cmd' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:82:	Parameter 'sender' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:82:	Parameter 'string' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:82:	The method 'onCommand' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 15.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:82:	The method 'onCommand' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 15.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:82:	The method 'onCommand' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 15.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:82:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:83:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:86:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:88:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:90:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:93:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:93:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'player' (lines '93'-'143').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:97:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:100:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:101:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:104:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:108:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:109:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:112:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:116:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:117:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:120:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:124:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:125:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:128:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:132:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:133:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:136:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:140:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:145:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:145:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'rune' (lines '145'-'176').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:145:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'rune' (lines '145'-'184').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:145:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:145:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:145:	The method 'runebook' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 27.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:145:	The method 'runebook' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 20.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:145:	The method 'runebook' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 20.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:146:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:146:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:147:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:150:	Position literals first in String comparisons for EqualsIgnoreCase
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:150:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:151:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:155:	Avoid excessively long variable names like targetPseudoPlayer
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:158:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'runebook' (lines '158'-'232').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:158:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:159:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:160:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:161:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:161:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:162:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:164:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'runeLabel' (lines '164'-'171').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:167:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:168:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:169:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:171:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:173:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:174:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'foundRune' (lines '174'-'177').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:175:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:176:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:176:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:180:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:181:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:182:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'foundMatching' (lines '182'-'185').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:183:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:184:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:184:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:184:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:188:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:189:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:190:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:191:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:192:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:193:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:195:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:197:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:198:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:200:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:202:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:202:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:204:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:206:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:207:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:207:	Position literals first in String comparisons for EqualsIgnoreCase
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:207:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:208:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:210:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'runeLabel' (lines '210'-'217').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:213:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:214:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:215:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:217:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:220:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:221:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:222:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:223:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:224:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:225:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:227:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:229:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:234:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:234:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 's' (lines '234'-'271').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:234:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:234:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:234:	The method 'scrolls' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 23.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:234:	The method 'scrolls' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 18.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:234:	The method 'scrolls' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 18.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:234:	The method scrolls() has an NPath complexity of 495
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:235:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:236:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:236:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:236:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:236:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:240:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:241:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:243:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:243:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:244:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:246:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:246:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:247:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:249:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:252:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:252:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'pPlayer' (lines '252'-'317').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:253:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:253:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:255:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:256:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:259:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:259:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'tpPlayer' (lines '259'-'317').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:261:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:262:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:262:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:264:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:265:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:269:	Position literals first in String comparisons for EqualsIgnoreCase
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:269:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:270:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:271:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:272:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:274:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:277:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:277:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:279:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:281:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:281:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:282:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:282:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:283:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:284:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:287:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:290:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:290:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:292:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:293:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:293:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:294:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:294:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'pPlayer' (lines '294'-'317').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:299:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:301:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:302:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:303:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:304:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:304:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:305:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:306:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:307:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:308:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:310:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:310:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:312:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:319:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:319:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:319:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:323:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:324:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:324:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:329:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:330:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:330:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:330:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:330:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:330:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:330:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:332:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:333:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:334:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:334:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:334:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:336:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:336:	When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:338:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/MageryCommand.java:340:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PartyCommands.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PartyCommands.java:19:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PartyCommands.java:21:	Avoid variables with short names like pm
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PartyCommands.java:21:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PartyCommands.java:21:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PartyCommands.java:23:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PartyCommands.java:23:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PartyCommands.java:26:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PartyCommands.java:27:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PartyCommands.java:29:	Avoid excessively long variable names like partyMembersString
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PartyCommands.java:29:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PartyCommands.java:33:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PartyCommands.java:36:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PartyCommands.java:36:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PartyCommands.java:36:	Parameter 'split' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PartyCommands.java:36:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PartyCommands.java:37:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PartyCommands.java:45:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PartyCommands.java:47:	Use equals() to compare object references.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PartyCommands.java:51:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PartyCommands.java:52:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PartyCommands.java:52:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PartyCommands.java:53:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PartyCommands.java:63:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PartyCommands.java:65:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PartyCommands.java:65:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PartyCommands.java:67:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PartyCommands.java:67:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PartyCommands.java:69:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PartyCommands.java:71:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PartyCommands.java:74:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PartyCommands.java:74:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PartyCommands.java:74:	Parameter 'split' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PartyCommands.java:74:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PartyCommands.java:76:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PartyCommands.java:78:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PartyCommands.java:79:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PartyCommands.java:80:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PartyCommands.java:81:	Avoid excessively long variable names like inviterPseudoPlayer
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PartyCommands.java:82:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PartyCommands.java:83:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PartyCommands.java:84:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PartyCommands.java:85:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PartyCommands.java:86:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PartyCommands.java:87:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PartyCommands.java:88:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PartyCommands.java:89:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PartyCommands.java:91:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PartyCommands.java:93:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PartyCommands.java:93:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PartyCommands.java:95:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PartyCommands.java:97:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PartyCommands.java:99:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PartyCommands.java:102:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PartyCommands.java:102:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PartyCommands.java:104:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PartyCommands.java:105:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PartyCommands.java:106:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PartyCommands.java:107:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PartyCommands.java:108:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PartyCommands.java:111:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PartyCommands.java:114:	Parameter 'plugin' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PartyCommands.java:114:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PartyCommands.java:119:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PartyCommands.java:119:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PartyCommands.java:119:	Parameter 'cmd' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PartyCommands.java:119:	Parameter 'sender' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PartyCommands.java:119:	Parameter 'string' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PartyCommands.java:119:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PartyCommands.java:120:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PartyCommands.java:123:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PartyCommands.java:125:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'player' (lines '125'-'148').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PartyCommands.java:128:	Position literals first in String comparisons for EqualsIgnoreCase
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PartyCommands.java:128:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PartyCommands.java:129:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PartyCommands.java:130:	Position literals first in String comparisons for EqualsIgnoreCase
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PartyCommands.java:130:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PartyCommands.java:131:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PartyCommands.java:132:	Position literals first in String comparisons for EqualsIgnoreCase
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PartyCommands.java:132:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PartyCommands.java:133:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PartyCommands.java:134:	Position literals first in String comparisons for EqualsIgnoreCase
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PartyCommands.java:134:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PartyCommands.java:135:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PartyCommands.java:136:	Position literals first in String comparisons for EqualsIgnoreCase
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PartyCommands.java:136:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PartyCommands.java:137:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PartyCommands.java:138:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PartyCommands.java:139:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PartyCommands.java:140:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PartyCommands.java:143:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PartyCommands.java:145:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PartyCommands.java:151:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PartyCommands.java:151:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PartyCommands.java:151:	Parameter 'cmd' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PartyCommands.java:151:	Parameter 'sender' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PartyCommands.java:151:	Parameter 'string' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PartyCommands.java:151:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PartyCommands.java:152:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PartyCommands.java:152:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PartyCommands.java:153:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1:	A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1:	Possible God class (WMC=337, ATFD=422, TCC=0.0)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:43:	Avoid really long classes.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:43:	The class 'PlotCommand' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 11 (Highest = 48).
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:43:	The class 'PlotCommand' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 9 (Highest = 39).
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:43:	The class 'PlotCommand' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 9 (Highest = 39).
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:43:	This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:45:	Avoid variables with short names like pm
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:45:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:45:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:45:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:46:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:46:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:46:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:48:	Parameter 'plugin' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:48:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:58:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:58:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'plot' (lines '58'-'103').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:58:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:58:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:58:	The method 'createPlot' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 20.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:58:	The method 'createPlot' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 18.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:58:	The method 'createPlot' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 18.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:58:	The method createPlot() has an NPath complexity of 25600
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:61:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:64:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:65:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'plotsThisWeek' (lines '65'-'67').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:66:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:67:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'plotsThisWeek' (lines '67'-'70').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:69:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:77:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:77:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:80:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:81:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:81:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:83:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:84:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:87:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:87:	Avoid excessively long variable names like intersectingRegions
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:87:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'intersectingRegions' (lines '87'-'157').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:90:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:91:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:93:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:97:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:101:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'curLoc' (lines '101'-'157').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:101:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:101:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:103:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:103:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:105:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:107:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:107:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:107:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:107:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:107:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:107:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:110:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:111:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:111:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:112:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:113:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:113:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:115:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:115:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:117:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:117:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:118:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:121:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:121:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:125:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:133:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:135:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:136:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:136:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:139:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:139:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:143:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:145:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:146:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:147:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:148:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:152:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:152:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:153:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:154:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:155:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:155:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:155:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:160:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:160:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:160:	Parameter 'cmd' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:160:	Parameter 'sender' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:160:	Parameter 'string' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:160:	The method 'onCommand' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 46.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:160:	The method 'onCommand' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 36.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:160:	The method 'onCommand' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 36.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:160:	The method onCommand() has an NCSS line count of 112
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:160:	The method onCommand() has an NPath complexity of 253
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:160:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:161:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:164:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:167:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'pPlayer' (lines '167'-'248').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:168:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:169:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:170:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:176:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:179:	Position literals first in String comparisons for EqualsIgnoreCase
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:179:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:180:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:181:	Position literals first in String comparisons for EqualsIgnoreCase
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:181:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:182:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:183:	Position literals first in String comparisons for EqualsIgnoreCase
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:183:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:184:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:185:	Position literals first in String comparisons for EqualsIgnoreCase
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:185:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:186:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:187:	Position literals first in String comparisons for EqualsIgnoreCase
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:187:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:188:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:189:	Position literals first in String comparisons for EqualsIgnoreCase
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:189:	Position literals first in String comparisons for EqualsIgnoreCase
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:189:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:189:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:190:	Position literals first in String comparisons for EqualsIgnoreCase
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:190:	Position literals first in String comparisons for EqualsIgnoreCase
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:190:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:190:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:191:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:192:	Position literals first in String comparisons for EqualsIgnoreCase
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:192:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:193:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:194:	Position literals first in String comparisons for EqualsIgnoreCase
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:194:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:195:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:196:	Position literals first in String comparisons for EqualsIgnoreCase
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:196:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:197:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:198:	Position literals first in String comparisons for EqualsIgnoreCase
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:198:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:199:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:200:	Position literals first in String comparisons for EqualsIgnoreCase
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:200:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:201:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:202:	Position literals first in String comparisons for EqualsIgnoreCase
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:202:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:203:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:204:	Position literals first in String comparisons for EqualsIgnoreCase
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:204:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:205:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:206:	Position literals first in String comparisons for EqualsIgnoreCase
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:206:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:207:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:208:	Position literals first in String comparisons for EqualsIgnoreCase
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:208:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:209:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:210:	Position literals first in String comparisons for EqualsIgnoreCase
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:210:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:211:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:212:	Position literals first in String comparisons for EqualsIgnoreCase
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:212:	Position literals first in String comparisons for EqualsIgnoreCase
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:212:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:212:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:213:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:214:	Position literals first in String comparisons for EqualsIgnoreCase
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:214:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:215:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:216:	Position literals first in String comparisons for EqualsIgnoreCase
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:216:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:217:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:218:	Position literals first in String comparisons for EqualsIgnoreCase
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:218:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:219:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:220:	Position literals first in String comparisons for EqualsIgnoreCase
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:220:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:221:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:222:	Position literals first in String comparisons for EqualsIgnoreCase
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:222:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:223:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:224:	Position literals first in String comparisons for EqualsIgnoreCase
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:224:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:225:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:226:	Position literals first in String comparisons for EqualsIgnoreCase
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:226:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:227:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:228:	Position literals first in String comparisons for EqualsIgnoreCase
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:228:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:229:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:230:	Position literals first in String comparisons for EqualsIgnoreCase
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:230:	Position literals first in String comparisons for EqualsIgnoreCase
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:230:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:230:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:231:	Position literals first in String comparisons for EqualsIgnoreCase
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:231:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:232:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:233:	Position literals first in String comparisons for EqualsIgnoreCase
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:233:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:234:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:235:	Position literals first in String comparisons for EqualsIgnoreCase
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:235:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:235:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:236:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:237:	Position literals first in String comparisons for EqualsIgnoreCase
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:237:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:237:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:238:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:239:	Position literals first in String comparisons for EqualsIgnoreCase
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:239:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:239:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:240:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:241:	Position literals first in String comparisons for EqualsIgnoreCase
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:241:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:241:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:242:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:244:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:245:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:251:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:251:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:251:	Parameter 'cmd' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:251:	Parameter 'sender' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:251:	Parameter 'string' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:251:	The method 'onTabComplete' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 20.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:251:	The method 'onTabComplete' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:251:	The method 'onTabComplete' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:251:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:252:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:252:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:253:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:254:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:254:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:258:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:258:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:258:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:258:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:259:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:259:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:259:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:259:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:260:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:260:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:261:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:261:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:262:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:263:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:263:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:264:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:264:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:264:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:265:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:267:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:267:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:267:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:267:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:268:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:269:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:270:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:270:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:270:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:271:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:271:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:272:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:281:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:285:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:288:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:291:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:296:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:298:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:301:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:301:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:306:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:306:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:307:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:308:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:309:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:310:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:310:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:311:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:311:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:313:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:313:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:314:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:316:	Avoid excessively long variable names like sellerPseudoPlayer
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:317:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:317:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:318:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:319:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:319:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:320:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:322:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:322:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:323:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:324:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:328:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:334:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:336:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:337:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:338:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:339:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:341:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:342:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:346:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:355:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:355:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:355:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:355:	The method 'plotCoOwn' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:355:	The method plotCoOwn() has an NPath complexity of 256
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:359:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:362:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:364:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:367:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:367:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'targetName' (lines '367'-'397').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:369:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:371:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:378:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:381:	Use equals() to compare object references.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:383:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:386:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:386:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:387:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:387:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:387:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:389:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:394:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:395:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:396:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:405:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:405:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:405:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:409:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:411:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:412:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:413:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:417:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'amount' (lines '417'-'432').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:417:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:418:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:420:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:423:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:424:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:424:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:425:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:425:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:426:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:426:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:439:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:443:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:445:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:446:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:450:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:451:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:451:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:451:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:454:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:454:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:455:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:455:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:464:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:464:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'u' (lines '464'-'494').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:464:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'upgrade' (lines '464'-'479').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:464:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:464:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:464:	The method 'plotDowngrade' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 15.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:464:	The method 'plotDowngrade' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 14.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:464:	The method 'plotDowngrade' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 14.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:468:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:470:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:472:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:473:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:475:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:475:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:476:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:476:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:478:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:478:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:478:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:479:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:479:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:480:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:480:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:480:	The String literal " gc)" appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 480
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:483:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:483:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:485:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:487:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:492:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:494:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:494:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:496:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:497:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:502:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:503:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:504:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:504:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:506:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:506:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:507:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:507:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:508:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:509:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:509:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:509:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:512:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:512:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:515:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:524:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:524:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'p' (lines '524'-'548').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:524:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:524:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:524:	The method 'plotExpand' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 14.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:524:	The method 'plotExpand' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 14.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:524:	The method 'plotExpand' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 14.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:524:	The method plotExpand() has an NPath complexity of 1776
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:528:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:530:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:532:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:534:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'amount' (lines '534'-'537').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:535:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:535:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:537:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'amount' (lines '537'-'586').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:537:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:538:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:540:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:542:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:544:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:548:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:548:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:548:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:548:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:550:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:550:	Use equals() to compare object references.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:554:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:555:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:555:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:556:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:557:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:557:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:559:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:559:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:561:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:561:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:561:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:562:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:563:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:563:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:565:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:565:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:565:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:566:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:567:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:567:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:568:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:569:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:569:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:576:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:577:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:577:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:580:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:580:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:581:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:581:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:582:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:584:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:585:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:585:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:593:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:597:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:599:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:603:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:604:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:607:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:618:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:618:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:618:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:618:	The method 'plotFriend' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 12.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:618:	The method plotFriend() has an NPath complexity of 768
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:622:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:625:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:627:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:630:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:632:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:641:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:644:	Use equals() to compare object references.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:646:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:649:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:649:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:651:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:654:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:659:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:659:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:660:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:660:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:660:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:661:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:662:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:663:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:671:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:675:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:677:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:679:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:681:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:681:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:682:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:683:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:684:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:686:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:687:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:697:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:713:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:713:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'plot' (lines '713'-'723').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:713:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:713:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:721:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:722:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:723:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:723:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:723:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:723:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:724:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:724:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:724:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:724:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:724:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:725:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:725:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:725:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:725:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:726:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:726:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:729:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'foundOne' (lines '729'-'732').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:730:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:731:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:732:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'foundOne' (lines '732'-'732').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:733:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:733:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:733:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:733:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:733:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:734:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:734:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:734:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:734:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:735:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:735:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:737:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:747:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:753:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:755:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:756:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:757:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:759:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:760:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:770:	Avoid really long methods.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:770:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:770:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'npc' (lines '770'-'816').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:770:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'npc' (lines '770'-'894').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:770:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'npc' (lines '770'-'916').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:770:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:770:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:770:	The method 'plotNPC' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 48.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:770:	The method 'plotNPC' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 39.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:770:	The method 'plotNPC' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 39.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:770:	The method plotNPC() has an NCSS line count of 141
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:770:	The method plotNPC() has an NPath complexity of 8360
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:774:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:776:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:778:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:780:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:782:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:785:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:785:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:786:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:788:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:791:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:791:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:792:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:794:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:797:	An operation on an Immutable object (String, BigDecimal or BigInteger) wont change the object itself
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:797:	An operation on an Immutable object (String, BigDecimal or BigInteger) wont change the object itself
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:797:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:798:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:798:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:800:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:803:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:803:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:805:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:808:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:808:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:808:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:810:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:813:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'npcPlot' (lines '813'-'820').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:813:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'npcPlot' (lines '813'-'950').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:815:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:816:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:818:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:821:	Use equals() to compare object references.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:823:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:827:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:828:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:828:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:829:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:832:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:832:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:834:	An operation on an Immutable object (String, BigDecimal or BigInteger) wont change the object itself
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:834:	An operation on an Immutable object (String, BigDecimal or BigInteger) wont change the object itself
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:834:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:835:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:835:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:837:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:840:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:840:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:842:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:845:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:845:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:845:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:847:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:850:	Avoid excessively long variable names like currentAmountOfVendors
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:850:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'currentAmountOfVendors' (lines '850'-'858').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:850:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'currentAmountOfVendors' (lines '850'-'950').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:852:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:853:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:855:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:857:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:857:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:858:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'currentAmountOfVendors' (lines '858'-'858').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:858:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'currentAmountOfVendors' (lines '858'-'950').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:861:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:862:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:863:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:866:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:867:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:869:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:870:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:870:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:871:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:875:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:875:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:877:	An operation on an Immutable object (String, BigDecimal or BigInteger) wont change the object itself
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:877:	An operation on an Immutable object (String, BigDecimal or BigInteger) wont change the object itself
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:877:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:878:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:878:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:880:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:883:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:883:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:885:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:888:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:888:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:888:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:890:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:893:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:893:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:894:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:896:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:899:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:900:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:900:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:901:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:906:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:906:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:907:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:909:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:912:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'npcName' (lines '912'-'913').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:913:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:915:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:915:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:916:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:920:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:923:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:923:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:924:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:926:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:928:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'name' (lines '928'-'950').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:930:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:930:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:931:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:934:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:936:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:936:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:937:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:938:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:939:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:943:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:945:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:946:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:946:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:957:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:961:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:963:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:967:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:968:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:970:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:980:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:984:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:986:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:990:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:991:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:992:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:994:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:995:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1004:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1008:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1010:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1014:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1014:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1015:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1017:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1027:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1033:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1035:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1036:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1037:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1039:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1040:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1050:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1050:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'p' (lines '1.050'-'1.091').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1050:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1050:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1050:	The method 'plotRename' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 12.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1050:	The method 'plotRename' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1050:	The method 'plotRename' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1050:	The method plotRename() has an NPath complexity of 648
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1054:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1056:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1058:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1061:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1062:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1063:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1064:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1065:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1069:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'plotName' (lines '1.069'-'1.076').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1071:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1072:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1073:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1076:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1078:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'nameValid' (lines '1.078'-'1.081').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1079:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1079:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1084:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1087:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1090:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1091:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1096:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1096:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1097:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1107:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1107:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1107:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1111:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1113:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1115:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1117:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1119:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1121:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'amount' (lines '1.121'-'1.123').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1123:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'amount' (lines '1.123'-'1.141').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1123:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1124:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1126:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1129:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1131:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1134:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1139:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1149:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1149:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1149:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1153:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1155:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1157:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1160:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1162:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1164:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'amount' (lines '1.164'-'1.166').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1166:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1167:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1167:	Avoid empty catch blocks
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1167:	Avoid empty catch blocks
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1170:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1172:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1175:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1180:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1180:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1189:	Avoid really long methods.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1189:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1189:	The method 'plotSurvey' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 25.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1189:	The method 'plotSurvey' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 22.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1189:	The method 'plotSurvey' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 22.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1189:	The method plotSurvey() has an NPath complexity of 372960
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1192:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1192:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'numPlots' (lines '1.192'-'1.342').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1192:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1195:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1196:	The String literal "-Plot Survey Results-" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 1.196
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1198:	The String literal " create a plot here." appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 1.198
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1198:	The String literal "You " appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 1.198
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1199:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1200:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1204:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'pseudoPlayer' (lines '1.204'-'1.342').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1205:	Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1209:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1210:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1210:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1216:	Avoid variables with short names like p
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1216:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1217:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1217:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1217:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1217:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1219:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1219:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1219:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1219:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1222:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1223:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1223:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1224:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1225:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1225:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1227:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1227:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1230:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1230:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1231:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1235:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1241:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1242:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'plotsThisWeek' (lines '1.242'-'1.244').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1243:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1246:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1255:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1259:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'closestDist' (lines '1.259'-'1.342').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1260:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'closestPlot' (lines '1.260'-'1.280').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1261:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1263:	Avoid variables with short names like p
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1263:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1265:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1266:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1268:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1268:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1269:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1269:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1271:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1271:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1275:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1279:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'closestDist' (lines '1.279'-'1.342').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1280:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'closestPlot' (lines '1.280'-'1.280').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1284:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1286:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1291:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1296:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1302:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1312:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1313:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1320:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1326:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1327:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'plotsThisWeek' (lines '1.327'-'1.329').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1332:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1341:	Avoid unnecessary return statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1341:	Avoid unnecessary return statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1349:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1350:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1350:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'plot' (lines '1.350'-'1.363').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1352:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1353:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1353:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1353:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1354:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1355:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1361:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1362:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1365:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1371:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1373:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1374:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1375:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1377:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1378:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1388:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1388:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1388:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1392:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1394:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1396:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1398:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1401:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1409:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1411:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1411:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1411:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1415:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1416:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1417:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1417:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1418:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1418:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1419:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1428:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1428:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1428:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1428:	The method 'plotUnFriend' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1432:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1434:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1436:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1442:	Use equals() to compare object references.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1444:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1447:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1447:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1448:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1449:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1452:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1452:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1452:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1453:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1453:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1458:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1458:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1458:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1459:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1460:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1460:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1461:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1462:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1463:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1463:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1463:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1465:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1466:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1466:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1467:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1468:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1469:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1469:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1469:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1478:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1482:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1484:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1488:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1498:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1498:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'u' (lines '1.498'-'1.532').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1498:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'upgrade' (lines '1.498'-'1.517').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1498:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'upgrade' (lines '1.498'-'1.520').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1498:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1498:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1498:	The method 'plotUpgrade' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 16.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1498:	The method 'plotUpgrade' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 15.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1498:	The method 'plotUpgrade' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 15.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1502:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1505:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1507:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1510:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1511:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1513:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1513:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1514:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1514:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1516:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1516:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1516:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1517:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1520:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1520:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1522:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1522:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1523:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1523:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1525:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1532:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1532:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1534:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1535:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1537:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1540:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1540:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1541:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1541:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1542:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1542:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1546:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1547:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1547:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1547:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1548:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1548:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1550:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1550:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1551:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1551:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1553:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1553:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1553:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1563:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1563:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1563:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1567:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1569:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1571:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1573:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1575:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1577:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'amount' (lines '1.577'-'1.579').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1579:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'amount' (lines '1.579'-'1.595').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1579:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1580:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1586:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1587:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1587:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1588:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1588:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1589:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1589:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1592:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/PlotCommand.java:1594:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ReloadCommand.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ReloadCommand.java:12:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ReloadCommand.java:14:	Avoid variables with short names like cm
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ReloadCommand.java:14:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ReloadCommand.java:14:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ReloadCommand.java:14:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ReloadCommand.java:16:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ReloadCommand.java:16:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ReloadCommand.java:18:	Parameter 'plugin' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ReloadCommand.java:18:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ReloadCommand.java:23:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ReloadCommand.java:23:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ReloadCommand.java:23:	Parameter 'cmd' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ReloadCommand.java:23:	Parameter 'sender' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ReloadCommand.java:23:	Parameter 'string' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ReloadCommand.java:23:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ReloadCommand.java:24:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ReloadCommand.java:27:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ReloadCommand.java:33:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ReloadCommand.java:33:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ReloadCommand.java:33:	Parameter 'cmd' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ReloadCommand.java:33:	Parameter 'sender' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ReloadCommand.java:33:	Parameter 'string' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/ReloadCommand.java:33:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/RuneBookCommand.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/RuneBookCommand.java:3:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/RuneBookCommand.java:3:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SkillCommand.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SkillCommand.java:1:	Possible God class (WMC=51, ATFD=51, TCC=0.0)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SkillCommand.java:19:	The class 'SkillCommand' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 8 (Highest = 33).
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SkillCommand.java:19:	The class 'SkillCommand' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 7 (Highest = 31).
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SkillCommand.java:19:	The class 'SkillCommand' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 7 (Highest = 31).
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SkillCommand.java:19:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SkillCommand.java:21:	Avoid variables with short names like pm
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SkillCommand.java:21:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SkillCommand.java:21:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SkillCommand.java:23:	Avoid really long methods.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SkillCommand.java:23:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SkillCommand.java:23:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SkillCommand.java:23:	Parameter 'sender' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SkillCommand.java:23:	The method 'skills' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 33.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SkillCommand.java:23:	The method 'skills' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 31.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SkillCommand.java:23:	The method 'skills' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 31.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SkillCommand.java:23:	The method skills() has an NCSS line count of 141
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SkillCommand.java:23:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SkillCommand.java:26:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SkillCommand.java:29:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pPlayer' (lines '29'-'137').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SkillCommand.java:29:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pPlayer' (lines '29'-'151').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SkillCommand.java:29:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'pPlayer' (lines '29'-'192').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SkillCommand.java:32:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SkillCommand.java:34:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SkillCommand.java:34:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SkillCommand.java:35:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'amount' (lines '35'-'37').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SkillCommand.java:37:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'amount' (lines '37'-'192').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SkillCommand.java:37:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SkillCommand.java:38:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SkillCommand.java:40:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SkillCommand.java:45:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SkillCommand.java:47:	The String literal "That skill does not exist." appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 47
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SkillCommand.java:48:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SkillCommand.java:50:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SkillCommand.java:51:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SkillCommand.java:53:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SkillCommand.java:54:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SkillCommand.java:56:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SkillCommand.java:58:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SkillCommand.java:59:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SkillCommand.java:59:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SkillCommand.java:60:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'amount' (lines '60'-'62').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SkillCommand.java:62:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'amount' (lines '62'-'192').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SkillCommand.java:62:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SkillCommand.java:63:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SkillCommand.java:65:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SkillCommand.java:68:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SkillCommand.java:70:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SkillCommand.java:71:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SkillCommand.java:74:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SkillCommand.java:74:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SkillCommand.java:74:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SkillCommand.java:76:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SkillCommand.java:77:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SkillCommand.java:82:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SkillCommand.java:85:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SkillCommand.java:87:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SkillCommand.java:90:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SkillCommand.java:95:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SkillCommand.java:95:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SkillCommand.java:96:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SkillCommand.java:97:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SkillCommand.java:98:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SkillCommand.java:100:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SkillCommand.java:101:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SkillCommand.java:102:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SkillCommand.java:102:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SkillCommand.java:103:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SkillCommand.java:105:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SkillCommand.java:108:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SkillCommand.java:110:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SkillCommand.java:111:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SkillCommand.java:113:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SkillCommand.java:114:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SkillCommand.java:115:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SkillCommand.java:115:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SkillCommand.java:116:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SkillCommand.java:118:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SkillCommand.java:121:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SkillCommand.java:123:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SkillCommand.java:125:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SkillCommand.java:127:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SkillCommand.java:128:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SkillCommand.java:129:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SkillCommand.java:129:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SkillCommand.java:129:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SkillCommand.java:130:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SkillCommand.java:130:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SkillCommand.java:131:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SkillCommand.java:132:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SkillCommand.java:134:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SkillCommand.java:135:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SkillCommand.java:138:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SkillCommand.java:141:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SkillCommand.java:141:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SkillCommand.java:143:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SkillCommand.java:144:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SkillCommand.java:145:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SkillCommand.java:149:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SkillCommand.java:150:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SkillCommand.java:152:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SkillCommand.java:154:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SkillCommand.java:154:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SkillCommand.java:154:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SkillCommand.java:156:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SkillCommand.java:157:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SkillCommand.java:162:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SkillCommand.java:165:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SkillCommand.java:167:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SkillCommand.java:170:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SkillCommand.java:175:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SkillCommand.java:176:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SkillCommand.java:176:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SkillCommand.java:177:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SkillCommand.java:178:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SkillCommand.java:180:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SkillCommand.java:182:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SkillCommand.java:186:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SkillCommand.java:188:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SkillCommand.java:189:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SkillCommand.java:191:	Avoid unnecessary return statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SkillCommand.java:191:	Avoid unnecessary return statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SkillCommand.java:198:	Parameter 'plugin' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SkillCommand.java:203:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SkillCommand.java:203:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SkillCommand.java:203:	Parameter 'cmd' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SkillCommand.java:203:	Parameter 'sender' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SkillCommand.java:203:	Parameter 'string' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SkillCommand.java:203:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SkillCommand.java:204:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SkillCommand.java:206:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SkillCommand.java:207:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SkillCommand.java:209:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SkillCommand.java:210:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SkillCommand.java:212:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SkillCommand.java:213:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SkillCommand.java:215:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SkillCommand.java:221:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SkillCommand.java:221:	Parameter 'alias' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SkillCommand.java:221:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SkillCommand.java:221:	Parameter 'command' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SkillCommand.java:221:	Parameter 'sender' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SkillCommand.java:221:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SkillCommand.java:223:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SkillCommand.java:223:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SkillCommand.java:224:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SkillCommand.java:224:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SkillCommand.java:225:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SkillCommand.java:225:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SkillCommand.java:227:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SkillCommand.java:230:	Parameter 'sender' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SkillCommand.java:238:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SkillCommand.java:241:	Parameter 'sender' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SkillCommand.java:249:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SkillCommand.java:252:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SkillCommand.java:252:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SkillCommand.java:252:	Parameter 'sender' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SkillCommand.java:255:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SkillCommand.java:258:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'pPlayer' (lines '258'-'275').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SkillCommand.java:259:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SkillCommand.java:260:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SkillCommand.java:261:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SkillCommand.java:263:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SkillCommand.java:265:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SkillCommand.java:270:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SkillCommand.java:270:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SkillCommand.java:270:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SkillCommand.java:271:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SkillCommand.java:272:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SkillCommand.java:274:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/StoreCommand.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/StoreCommand.java:22:	The class 'StoreCommand' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 11 (Highest = 33).
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/StoreCommand.java:22:	The class 'StoreCommand' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 11 (Highest = 33).
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/StoreCommand.java:22:	The class 'StoreCommand' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 11 (Highest = 33).
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/StoreCommand.java:22:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/StoreCommand.java:24:	Avoid variables with short names like sm
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/StoreCommand.java:24:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/StoreCommand.java:24:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/StoreCommand.java:24:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/StoreCommand.java:25:	Avoid variables with short names like pm
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/StoreCommand.java:25:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/StoreCommand.java:25:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/StoreCommand.java:25:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/StoreCommand.java:27:	Parameter 'plugin' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/StoreCommand.java:27:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/StoreCommand.java:32:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/StoreCommand.java:32:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/StoreCommand.java:32:	Parameter 'cmd' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/StoreCommand.java:32:	Parameter 'sender' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/StoreCommand.java:32:	Parameter 'string' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/StoreCommand.java:32:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/StoreCommand.java:33:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/StoreCommand.java:36:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/StoreCommand.java:40:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/StoreCommand.java:41:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/StoreCommand.java:44:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/StoreCommand.java:48:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/StoreCommand.java:53:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/StoreCommand.java:53:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/StoreCommand.java:53:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/StoreCommand.java:54:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/StoreCommand.java:57:	The String literal "You are not close enough to a vendor." appears 7 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 57
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/StoreCommand.java:58:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/StoreCommand.java:67:	Avoid really long methods.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/StoreCommand.java:67:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/StoreCommand.java:67:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'i' (lines '67'-'188').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/StoreCommand.java:67:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/StoreCommand.java:67:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/StoreCommand.java:67:	The method 'vendor' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 33.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/StoreCommand.java:67:	The method 'vendor' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 33.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/StoreCommand.java:67:	The method 'vendor' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 33.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/StoreCommand.java:67:	The method vendor() has an NCSS line count of 141
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/StoreCommand.java:67:	The method vendor() has an NPath complexity of 942
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/StoreCommand.java:68:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/StoreCommand.java:72:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/StoreCommand.java:76:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/StoreCommand.java:77:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/StoreCommand.java:80:	Position literals first in String comparisons for EqualsIgnoreCase
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/StoreCommand.java:80:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/StoreCommand.java:83:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/StoreCommand.java:84:	Position literals first in String comparisons for EqualsIgnoreCase
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/StoreCommand.java:84:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/StoreCommand.java:85:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/StoreCommand.java:87:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/StoreCommand.java:92:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/StoreCommand.java:98:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'sellPrice' (lines '98'-'236').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/StoreCommand.java:98:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/StoreCommand.java:99:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'buyPrice' (lines '99'-'236').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/StoreCommand.java:99:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/StoreCommand.java:100:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'maxBuy' (lines '100'-'236').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/StoreCommand.java:100:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/StoreCommand.java:101:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/StoreCommand.java:103:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/StoreCommand.java:107:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/StoreCommand.java:111:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/StoreCommand.java:115:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/StoreCommand.java:120:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/StoreCommand.java:125:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/StoreCommand.java:128:	Position literals first in String comparisons for EqualsIgnoreCase
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/StoreCommand.java:128:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/StoreCommand.java:132:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/StoreCommand.java:135:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/StoreCommand.java:139:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/StoreCommand.java:141:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/StoreCommand.java:142:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/StoreCommand.java:142:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/StoreCommand.java:143:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/StoreCommand.java:144:	Position literals first in String comparisons for EqualsIgnoreCase
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/StoreCommand.java:144:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/StoreCommand.java:148:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/StoreCommand.java:150:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/StoreCommand.java:152:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/StoreCommand.java:154:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/StoreCommand.java:155:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'amount' (lines '155'-'159').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/StoreCommand.java:155:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'amount' (lines '155'-'236').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/StoreCommand.java:157:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'id' (lines '157'-'236').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/StoreCommand.java:157:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/StoreCommand.java:158:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/StoreCommand.java:158:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/StoreCommand.java:159:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'amount' (lines '159'-'236').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/StoreCommand.java:159:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/StoreCommand.java:160:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/StoreCommand.java:162:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/StoreCommand.java:167:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/StoreCommand.java:170:	Avoid variables with short names like si
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/StoreCommand.java:170:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/StoreCommand.java:170:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/StoreCommand.java:171:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/StoreCommand.java:171:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/StoreCommand.java:172:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/StoreCommand.java:172:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/StoreCommand.java:173:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/StoreCommand.java:174:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/StoreCommand.java:174:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/StoreCommand.java:176:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/StoreCommand.java:176:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/StoreCommand.java:176:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/StoreCommand.java:177:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/StoreCommand.java:179:	Position literals first in String comparisons for EqualsIgnoreCase
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/StoreCommand.java:179:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/StoreCommand.java:183:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/StoreCommand.java:185:	Avoid variables with short names like si
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/StoreCommand.java:185:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/StoreCommand.java:187:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/StoreCommand.java:188:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/StoreCommand.java:188:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/StoreCommand.java:190:	Position literals first in String comparisons for EqualsIgnoreCase
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/StoreCommand.java:190:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/StoreCommand.java:194:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/StoreCommand.java:196:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/StoreCommand.java:198:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/StoreCommand.java:200:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/StoreCommand.java:205:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'id' (lines '205'-'236').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/StoreCommand.java:205:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/StoreCommand.java:206:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'sellPrice' (lines '206'-'236').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/StoreCommand.java:206:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/StoreCommand.java:207:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'buyPrice' (lines '207'-'236').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/StoreCommand.java:207:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/StoreCommand.java:208:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'maxBuy' (lines '208'-'236').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/StoreCommand.java:208:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/StoreCommand.java:209:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/StoreCommand.java:211:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/StoreCommand.java:215:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/StoreCommand.java:219:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/StoreCommand.java:223:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/StoreCommand.java:230:	Avoid variables with short names like si
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/StoreCommand.java:230:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/StoreCommand.java:230:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/StoreCommand.java:231:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/StoreCommand.java:232:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/StoreCommand.java:233:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SurvivalismCommand.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SurvivalismCommand.java:14:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SurvivalismCommand.java:16:	Avoid variables with short names like pm
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SurvivalismCommand.java:16:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SurvivalismCommand.java:16:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SurvivalismCommand.java:18:	Parameter 'plugin' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SurvivalismCommand.java:18:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SurvivalismCommand.java:23:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SurvivalismCommand.java:23:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SurvivalismCommand.java:23:	Parameter 'cmd' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SurvivalismCommand.java:23:	Parameter 'sender' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SurvivalismCommand.java:23:	Parameter 'string' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SurvivalismCommand.java:23:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SurvivalismCommand.java:24:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SurvivalismCommand.java:27:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SurvivalismCommand.java:31:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SurvivalismCommand.java:32:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SurvivalismCommand.java:35:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SurvivalismCommand.java:39:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SurvivalismCommand.java:45:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SurvivalismCommand.java:45:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SurvivalismCommand.java:45:	Parameter 'cmd' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SurvivalismCommand.java:45:	Parameter 'sender' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SurvivalismCommand.java:45:	Parameter 'string' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/SurvivalismCommand.java:45:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/TamingCommand.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/TamingCommand.java:15:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/TamingCommand.java:17:	Avoid variables with short names like pm
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/TamingCommand.java:17:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/TamingCommand.java:17:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/TamingCommand.java:17:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/TamingCommand.java:19:	Parameter 'plugin' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/TamingCommand.java:19:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/TamingCommand.java:24:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/TamingCommand.java:24:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/TamingCommand.java:24:	Parameter 'cmd' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/TamingCommand.java:24:	Parameter 'sender' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/TamingCommand.java:24:	Parameter 'string' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/TamingCommand.java:24:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/TamingCommand.java:25:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/TamingCommand.java:28:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/TamingCommand.java:33:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/TamingCommand.java:39:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/TamingCommand.java:39:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/TamingCommand.java:39:	Parameter 'cmd' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/TamingCommand.java:39:	Parameter 'sender' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/TamingCommand.java:39:	Parameter 'string' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/TamingCommand.java:39:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:1:	Possible God class (WMC=80, ATFD=48, TCC=0.0)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:20:	The class 'UtilsCommand' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 6 (Highest = 17).
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:20:	The class 'UtilsCommand' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 6 (Highest = 17).
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:20:	The class 'UtilsCommand' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 6 (Highest = 17).
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:20:	This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:20:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:22:	Avoid variables with short names like pm
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:22:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:22:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:22:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:28:	Parameter 'plugin' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:33:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:33:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:33:	Parameter 'sender' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:33:	The method 'buildChange' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 12.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:33:	The method 'buildChange' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 12.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:33:	The method 'buildChange' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 12.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:33:	The method buildChange() has an NPath complexity of 216
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:36:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:39:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'pPlayer' (lines '39'-'82').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:40:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:41:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:42:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:44:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:45:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:47:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:47:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:49:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:52:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:52:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:55:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:58:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:59:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:61:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:63:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:67:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:67:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:69:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:69:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:70:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:72:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:74:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:74:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:74:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:74:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:75:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:76:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:77:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:78:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:80:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:84:	Avoid using short method names
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:84:	Parameter 'sender' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:90:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:92:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:95:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:99:	Parameter 'sender' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:105:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:107:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:110:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:114:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:114:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:114:	Parameter 'sender' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:117:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:120:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'pPlayer' (lines '120'-'145').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:121:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:123:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:123:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:124:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:126:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:126:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:127:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:128:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:130:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:132:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:133:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:135:	Use equals() to compare object references.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:137:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:139:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:139:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:139:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:140:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:143:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:144:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:144:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:144:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:147:	Parameter 'sender' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:153:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:158:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:158:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:158:	Parameter 'cmd' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:158:	Parameter 'sender' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:158:	Parameter 'string' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:158:	The method 'onCommand' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 17.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:158:	The method 'onCommand' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 17.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:158:	The method 'onCommand' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 17.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:158:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:159:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:160:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:161:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:162:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:163:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:164:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:165:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:166:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:167:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:168:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:169:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:170:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:171:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:172:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:173:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:174:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:175:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:176:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:177:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:178:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:179:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:180:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:181:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:182:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:183:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:184:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:185:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:186:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:187:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:188:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:189:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:189:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:194:	Parameter 'sender' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:197:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:200:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:201:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:203:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:204:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:205:	Avoid unnecessary return statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:205:	Avoid unnecessary return statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:208:	Parameter 'sender' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:214:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:215:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:217:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:222:	Parameter 'sender' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:228:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:228:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:229:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:231:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:236:	Parameter 'sender' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:240:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:240:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:241:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:241:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:241:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:242:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:242:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:248:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:248:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:254:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:257:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:257:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:257:	Parameter 'sender' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:257:	The method 'title' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 16.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:257:	The method 'title' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 14.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:257:	The method 'title' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 14.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:260:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:265:	Position literals first in String comparisons for EqualsIgnoreCase
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:265:	Position literals first in String comparisons for EqualsIgnoreCase
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:265:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:265:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:267:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:269:	Position literals first in String comparisons for EqualsIgnoreCase
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:269:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:270:	Use opposite operator instead of the logic complement operator.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:272:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:278:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:280:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:280:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'pPlayer' (lines '280'-'322').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:282:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:282:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:284:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:286:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:286:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:287:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:288:	Position literals first in String comparisons for EqualsIgnoreCase
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:288:	Position literals first in String comparisons for EqualsIgnoreCase
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:288:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:288:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:289:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:291:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:297:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:301:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:301:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:302:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:303:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:305:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:305:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:308:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'subCmd' (lines '308'-'322').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:309:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:309:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:310:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:310:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:311:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:311:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:312:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:324:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:324:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:324:	Parameter 'sender' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:327:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:331:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:333:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:333:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:334:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:336:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:336:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:337:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:338:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:341:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:342:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:342:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:342:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:343:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:346:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:347:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:347:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Commands/UtilsCommand.java:347:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Data/Locations.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Data/Locations.java:6:	enumCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Data/Locations.java:8:	The String literal "world" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 8
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Data/Locations.java:13:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Data/Locations.java:15:	Parameter 'location' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Data/Locations.java:19:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Data/Locations.java:23:	Parameter 'location' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Data/Locations.java:23:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Data/Variables.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Data/Variables.java:8:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Data/Variables.java:8:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Data/Variables.java:10:	Avoid variables with short names like cm
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Data/Variables.java:10:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Data/Variables.java:10:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Data/Variables.java:13:	Avoid excessively long variable names like plotCreateItemPrice
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Data/Variables.java:13:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'plotCreateItemPrice' is not all capitals.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Data/Variables.java:13:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Data/Variables.java:14:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'plotCreatePrice' is not all capitals.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Data/Variables.java:14:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Data/Variables.java:15:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'plotTownPrice' is not all capitals.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Data/Variables.java:15:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Data/Variables.java:16:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'plotDungeonPrice' is not all capitals.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Data/Variables.java:16:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Data/Variables.java:17:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'plotAutoKickPrice' is not all capitals.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Data/Variables.java:17:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Data/Variables.java:18:	Avoid excessively long variable names like plotNeutralAlignmentPrice
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Data/Variables.java:18:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'plotNeutralAlignmentPrice' is not all capitals.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Data/Variables.java:18:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Data/Variables.java:19:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'plotExpandPrice' is not all capitals.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Data/Variables.java:19:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Data/Variables.java:20:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'plotMaxNameLength' is not all capitals.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Data/Variables.java:20:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Data/Variables.java:21:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'plotRenamePrice' is not all capitals.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Data/Variables.java:21:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Data/Variables.java:22:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'plotStartingSize' is not all capitals.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Data/Variables.java:22:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Data/Variables.java:24:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'voteMoney' is not all capitals.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Data/Variables.java:24:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Data/Variables.java:26:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'bankRadius' is not all capitals.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Data/Variables.java:26:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Data/Variables.java:27:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'goldIngotValue' is not all capitals.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Data/Variables.java:27:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Data/Variables.java:29:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Data/Variables.java:30:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Data/Variables.java:31:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Data/Variables.java:33:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Data/Variables.java:34:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'maxPlayers' is not all capitals.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Data/Variables.java:34:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Data/Variables.java:36:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'murderPoint' is not all capitals.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Data/Variables.java:36:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Data/Variables.java:38:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'guardRange' is not all capitals.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Data/Variables.java:38:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Data/Variables.java:40:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'clanMaxNameLeangh' is not all capitals.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Data/Variables.java:40:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Data/Variables.java:41:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'clanCreateCost' is not all capitals.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Data/Variables.java:41:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Data/Variables.java:43:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'claimTime' is not all capitals.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Data/Variables.java:43:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Data/Variables.java:45:	Avoid excessively long variable names like playerStartSkillPoints
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Data/Variables.java:45:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'playerStartSkillPoints' is not all capitals.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Data/Variables.java:45:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Data/Variables.java:46:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'playerStartBank' is not all capitals.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Data/Variables.java:46:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Database/Hibernate.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Database/Hibernate.java:16:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Database/Hibernate.java:18:	Possible unsafe assignment to a non-final static field in a constructor.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Database/Hibernate.java:18:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Database/Hibernate.java:20:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Database/Hibernate.java:49:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Events/EventManager.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Events/EventManager.java:6:	All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Events/EventManager.java:6:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Events/EventManager.java:8:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Events/EventManager.java:8:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Events/EventManager.java:9:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Events/PlotCreateEvent.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Events/PlotCreateEvent.java:11:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Events/PlotCreateEvent.java:13:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'handlers' is not all capitals.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Events/PlotCreateEvent.java:13:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Events/PlotCreateEvent.java:15:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Events/PlotCreateEvent.java:19:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Events/PlotCreateEvent.java:19:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Events/PlotCreateEvent.java:20:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Events/PlotCreateEvent.java:20:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Events/PlotCreateEvent.java:21:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Events/PlotCreateEvent.java:21:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Events/PlotCreateEvent.java:21:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Events/PlotCreateEvent.java:22:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Events/PlotCreateEvent.java:22:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Events/PlotCreateEvent.java:24:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Events/PlotCreateEvent.java:24:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Events/PlotCreateEvent.java:26:	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Events/PlotCreateEvent.java:26:	Parameter 'location' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Events/PlotCreateEvent.java:26:	Parameter 'pPlayer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Events/PlotCreateEvent.java:26:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Events/PlotCreateEvent.java:26:	Parameter 'plotName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Events/PlotCreateEvent.java:26:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Events/PlotCreateEvent.java:34:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Events/PlotCreateEvent.java:38:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Events/PlotCreateEvent.java:42:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Events/PlotCreateEvent.java:46:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Events/PlotCreateEvent.java:50:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Events/PlotCreateEvent.java:55:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Events/PlotCreateEvent.java:60:	Parameter 'cancel' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Events/PlotCreateEvent.java:60:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Events/PlotCreateEvent.java:64:	Parameter 'locatin' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Events/PlotCreateEvent.java:64:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Events/PlotCreateEvent.java:68:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Events/PlotCreateEvent.java:68:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Events/PlotCreateEvent.java:72:	Parameter 'plotName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Events/PlotCreateEvent.java:72:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Events/PlotCreateEvent.java:76:	Parameter 'pPlayer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Events/PlotCreateEvent.java:76:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Events/PlotProtectEvent.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Events/PlotProtectEvent.java:9:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Events/PlotProtectEvent.java:10:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'handlers' is not all capitals.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Events/PlotProtectEvent.java:10:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Events/PlotProtectEvent.java:12:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Events/PlotProtectEvent.java:16:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Events/PlotProtectEvent.java:16:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Events/PlotProtectEvent.java:17:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Events/PlotProtectEvent.java:17:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Events/PlotProtectEvent.java:19:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Events/PlotProtectEvent.java:19:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Events/PlotProtectEvent.java:21:	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Events/PlotProtectEvent.java:21:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Events/PlotProtectEvent.java:21:	Parameter 'plot' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Events/PlotProtectEvent.java:21:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Events/PlotProtectEvent.java:27:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Events/PlotProtectEvent.java:31:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Events/PlotProtectEvent.java:35:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Events/PlotProtectEvent.java:40:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Events/PlotProtectEvent.java:45:	Parameter 'cancel' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Events/PlotProtectEvent.java:45:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Events/PlotProtectEvent.java:49:	Parameter 'plot' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Events/PlotProtectEvent.java:49:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Events/PlotProtectEvent.java:53:	Parameter 'protectEvent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Events/PlotProtectEvent.java:53:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Factory/ScrollFactory.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Factory/ScrollFactory.java:8:	The class 'ScrollFactory' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 7 (Highest = 15).
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Factory/ScrollFactory.java:8:	The class 'ScrollFactory' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 7 (Highest = 15).
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Factory/ScrollFactory.java:8:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Factory/ScrollFactory.java:10:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Factory/ScrollFactory.java:11:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Factory/ScrollFactory.java:11:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Factory/ScrollFactory.java:12:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Factory/ScrollFactory.java:12:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Factory/ScrollFactory.java:13:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Factory/ScrollFactory.java:13:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Factory/ScrollFactory.java:14:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Factory/ScrollFactory.java:14:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Factory/ScrollFactory.java:15:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Factory/ScrollFactory.java:15:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Factory/ScrollFactory.java:16:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Factory/ScrollFactory.java:16:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Factory/ScrollFactory.java:17:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Factory/ScrollFactory.java:17:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Factory/ScrollFactory.java:19:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Factory/ScrollFactory.java:57:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Factory/ScrollFactory.java:61:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Factory/ScrollFactory.java:65:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Factory/ScrollFactory.java:74:	Parameter 'type' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Factory/ScrollFactory.java:74:	The method 'getRandomScroll' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 15.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Factory/ScrollFactory.java:74:	The method 'getRandomScroll' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 15.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Factory/ScrollFactory.java:74:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Factory/ScrollFactory.java:77:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Factory/ScrollFactory.java:79:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Factory/ScrollFactory.java:81:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Factory/ScrollFactory.java:84:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Factory/ScrollFactory.java:86:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Factory/ScrollFactory.java:88:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Factory/ScrollFactory.java:90:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Factory/ScrollFactory.java:92:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Factory/ScrollFactory.java:94:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Factory/ScrollFactory.java:96:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Factory/ScrollFactory.java:98:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Factory/ScrollFactory.java:100:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Factory/ScrollFactory.java:102:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Factory/ScrollFactory.java:104:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Factory/ScrollFactory.java:110:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/EventCommands.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/EventCommands.java:13:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/EventCommands.java:15:	Avoid variables with short names like em
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/EventCommands.java:15:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/EventCommands.java:17:	Avoid unused constructor parameters such as 'commands'.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/EventCommands.java:17:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/EventCommands.java:17:	Parameter 'commands' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/EventCommands.java:17:	Parameter 'plugin' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/EventCommands.java:17:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/EventCommands.java:22:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/EventCommands.java:22:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/EventCommands.java:22:	Parameter 'command' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/EventCommands.java:22:	Parameter 'label' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/EventCommands.java:22:	Parameter 'sender' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/EventCommands.java:22:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/EventCommands.java:23:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/EventCommands.java:26:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/EventCommands.java:29:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'player' (lines '29'-'70').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/EventCommands.java:31:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/EventCommands.java:33:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/EventCommands.java:37:	Position literals first in String comparisons for EqualsIgnoreCase
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/EventCommands.java:37:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/EventCommands.java:41:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/EventCommands.java:42:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/EventCommands.java:47:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/EventCommands.java:48:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/EventCommands.java:51:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/EventCommands.java:54:	Position literals first in String comparisons for EqualsIgnoreCase
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/EventCommands.java:54:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/EventCommands.java:56:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/EventCommands.java:59:	Position literals first in String comparisons for EqualsIgnoreCase
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/EventCommands.java:59:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/EventCommands.java:61:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/EventCommands.java:64:	Position literals first in String comparisons for EqualsIgnoreCase
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/EventCommands.java:64:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/EventCommands.java:66:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/EventManager.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/EventManager.java:10:	A class which only has private constructors should be final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/EventManager.java:10:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/EventManager.java:12:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'manager' is not all capitals.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/EventManager.java:12:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/EventManager.java:14:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/EventManager.java:18:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/EventManager.java:18:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/EventManager.java:20:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/EventManager.java:20:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/EventManager.java:26:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/EventManager.java:26:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/EventManager.java:26:	Parameter 'plugin' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/EventManager.java:26:	Parameter 'size' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/EventManager.java:26:	Parameter 'start' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/EventManager.java:26:	Parameter 'title' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/EventManager.java:26:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/EventManager.java:27:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/EventManager.java:27:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/EventManager.java:27:	Parameter 'stop' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/EventManager.java:28:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'event' (lines '28'-'31').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/EventManager.java:30:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/EventManager.java:30:	Position literals first in String comparisons for EqualsIgnoreCase
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/EventManager.java:40:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/EventManager.java:42:	Avoid variables with short names like e
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/EventManager.java:46:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/EventManager.java:50:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/EventManager.java:54:	Parameter 'worldEvent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/EventManager.java:54:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/EventManager.java:58:	Parameter 'events' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/EventManager.java:58:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/EventManager.java:62:	Parameter 'registredEvents' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/EventManager.java:62:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/EventManager.java:66:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'e' (lines '66'-'68').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/EventManager.java:66:	Parameter 'delta' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/EventManager.java:66:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/EventManager.java:67:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/GhastEvent.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/GhastEvent.java:14:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/GhastEvent.java:16:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/GhastEvent.java:17:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/GhastEvent.java:18:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/GhastEvent.java:20:	Parameter 'location' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/GhastEvent.java:20:	Parameter 'plugin' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/GhastEvent.java:20:	Parameter 'size' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/GhastEvent.java:20:	Parameter 'start' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/GhastEvent.java:20:	Parameter 'stop' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/GhastEvent.java:20:	Parameter 'title' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/GhastEvent.java:20:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/GhastEvent.java:26:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/GhastEvent.java:26:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/GhastEvent.java:26:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/GhastEvent.java:26:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/GhastEvent.java:27:	Avoid empty try blocks
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/GhastEvent.java:27:	Avoid empty try blocks
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/GhastEvent.java:29:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/GhastEvent.java:30:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/GhastEvent.java:36:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/GhastEvent.java:43:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/GhastEvent.java:44:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/GhastEvent.java:44:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/GhastEvent.java:45:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/GhastEvent.java:46:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/GhastEvent.java:46:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/GhastEvent.java:46:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/GhastEvent.java:48:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/GhastEvent.java:48:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/GhastEvent.java:48:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/GhastEvent.java:49:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/GhastEvent.java:49:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/GhastEvent.java:49:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/GhastEvent.java:49:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/GhastEvent.java:53:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/GhastEvent.java:57:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/GhastEvent.java:61:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/GhastEvent.java:65:	Parameter 'ghasts' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/GhastEvent.java:65:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/GhastEvent.java:69:	Parameter 'spawnedGhasts' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/GhastEvent.java:69:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/GhastEvent.java:73:	Parameter 'timeout' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/GhastEvent.java:73:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/GhastEvent.java:78:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/GhastEvent.java:79:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/GhastEvent.java:79:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/GhastEvent.java:80:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/GhastEvent.java:81:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/GhastEvent.java:81:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/GhastEvent.java:83:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/GhastEvent.java:83:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/GhastEvent.java:83:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/GhastEvent.java:84:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/GhastEvent.java:84:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/GhastEvent.java:84:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/GhastEvent.java:84:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/GhastEvent.java:89:	Parameter 'delta' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/GhastEvent.java:89:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/WorldEvent.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/WorldEvent.java:10:	Abstract classes should be named AbstractXXX
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/WorldEvent.java:10:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/WorldEvent.java:12:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/WorldEvent.java:14:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/WorldEvent.java:16:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/WorldEvent.java:17:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/WorldEvent.java:17:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/WorldEvent.java:19:	Field start has the same name as a method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/WorldEvent.java:19:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/WorldEvent.java:20:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/WorldEvent.java:22:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/WorldEvent.java:23:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/WorldEvent.java:25:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/WorldEvent.java:27:	Parameter 'location' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/WorldEvent.java:27:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/WorldEvent.java:27:	Parameter 'plugin' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/WorldEvent.java:27:	Parameter 'range' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/WorldEvent.java:27:	Parameter 'start' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/WorldEvent.java:27:	Parameter 'title' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/WorldEvent.java:27:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/WorldEvent.java:28:	Parameter 'stop' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/WorldEvent.java:39:	Overridable method 'setPaused' called during object construction
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/WorldEvent.java:40:	Overridable method 'setActive' called during object construction
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/WorldEvent.java:45:	Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/WorldEvent.java:45:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/WorldEvent.java:49:	Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/WorldEvent.java:49:	Parameter 'size' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/WorldEvent.java:49:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/WorldEvent.java:50:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/WorldEvent.java:50:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/WorldEvent.java:53:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/WorldEvent.java:54:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/WorldEvent.java:58:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/WorldEvent.java:58:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/WorldEvent.java:60:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/WorldEvent.java:62:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/WorldEvent.java:64:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/WorldEvent.java:68:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/WorldEvent.java:72:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/WorldEvent.java:76:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/WorldEvent.java:80:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/WorldEvent.java:84:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/WorldEvent.java:88:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/WorldEvent.java:92:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/WorldEvent.java:96:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/WorldEvent.java:100:	Parameter 'active' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/WorldEvent.java:100:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/WorldEvent.java:104:	Parameter 'paused' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/WorldEvent.java:104:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/WorldEvent.java:108:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/GameEvents/WorldEvent.java:110:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/CapturepointHandler.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/CapturepointHandler.java:14:	All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/CapturepointHandler.java:14:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/CapturepointHandler.java:16:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/CapturepointHandler.java:16:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/CapturepointHandler.java:18:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'plot' (lines '18'-'21').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/CapturepointHandler.java:18:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/CapturepointHandler.java:18:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/CapturepointHandler.java:19:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'player' (lines '19'-'23').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/CapturepointHandler.java:20:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/CapturepointHandler.java:21:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/CapturepointHandler.java:22:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/CapturepointHandler.java:25:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/CapturepointHandler.java:25:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/CapturepointHandler.java:26:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/CapturepointHandler.java:26:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'player' (lines '26'-'47').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/CapturepointHandler.java:28:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/CapturepointHandler.java:29:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/CapturepointHandler.java:30:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/CapturepointHandler.java:30:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/CapturepointHandler.java:31:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/CapturepointHandler.java:33:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/CapturepointHandler.java:34:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/CapturepointHandler.java:35:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/CapturepointHandler.java:36:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/CapturepointHandler.java:36:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/CapturepointHandler.java:39:	Avoid variables with short names like cp
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/CapturepointHandler.java:39:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/CapturepointHandler.java:40:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/CapturepointHandler.java:41:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/CapturepointHandler.java:41:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/CapturepointHandler.java:42:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/CapturepointHandler.java:42:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/CapturepointHandler.java:42:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/CapturepointHandler.java:42:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/CapturepointHandler.java:42:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/CapturepointHandler.java:42:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/CapturepointHandler.java:42:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/CapturepointHandler.java:42:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/CapturepointHandler.java:44:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/CapturepointHandler.java:44:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/CapturepointHandler.java:45:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/CapturepointHandler.java:45:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/CapturepointHandler.java:45:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/CapturepointHandler.java:46:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/CapturepointHandler.java:46:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/CapturepointHandler.java:49:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'plot' (lines '49'-'51').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/CapturepointHandler.java:49:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/CapturepointHandler.java:49:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/CapturepointHandler.java:50:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/CapturepointHandler.java:51:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/CapturepointHandler.java:52:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/CapturepointHandler.java:55:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'plot' (lines '55'-'57').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/CapturepointHandler.java:55:	Parameter 'delta' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/CapturepointHandler.java:55:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/CapturepointHandler.java:56:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/CapturepointHandler.java:57:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/CapturepointHandler.java:58:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/ChatHandler.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/ChatHandler.java:25:	All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/ChatHandler.java:25:	The class 'ChatHandler' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 10).
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/ChatHandler.java:25:	The class 'ChatHandler' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 10).
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/ChatHandler.java:25:	The class 'ChatHandler' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 10).
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/ChatHandler.java:27:	Avoid variables with short names like sm
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/ChatHandler.java:27:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/ChatHandler.java:27:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/ChatHandler.java:29:	Avoid variables with short names like pm
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/ChatHandler.java:29:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/ChatHandler.java:29:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/ChatHandler.java:31:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/ChatHandler.java:33:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/ChatHandler.java:35:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/ChatHandler.java:37:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/ChatHandler.java:37:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/ChatHandler.java:38:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/ChatHandler.java:39:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/ChatHandler.java:42:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/ChatHandler.java:47:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/ChatHandler.java:50:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/ChatHandler.java:54:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/ChatHandler.java:58:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/ChatHandler.java:62:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'p' (lines '62'-'75').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/ChatHandler.java:62:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/ChatHandler.java:62:	Parameter 'ignore' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/ChatHandler.java:62:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/ChatHandler.java:63:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/ChatHandler.java:67:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'star' (lines '67'-'69').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/ChatHandler.java:68:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/ChatHandler.java:68:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/ChatHandler.java:70:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/ChatHandler.java:71:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/ChatHandler.java:71:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/ChatHandler.java:71:	Use equals() to compare strings instead of '==' or '!='
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/ChatHandler.java:72:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/ChatHandler.java:76:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/ChatHandler.java:76:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/ChatHandler.java:76:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/ChatHandler.java:77:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/ChatHandler.java:82:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'p' (lines '82'-'86').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/ChatHandler.java:82:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/ChatHandler.java:82:	Parameter 'ignore' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/ChatHandler.java:82:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/ChatHandler.java:83:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/ChatHandler.java:85:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/ChatHandler.java:86:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/ChatHandler.java:87:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/ChatHandler.java:91:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'p' (lines '91'-'97').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/ChatHandler.java:91:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/ChatHandler.java:91:	The method 'onPlayerChat' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/ChatHandler.java:91:	The method 'onPlayerChat' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/ChatHandler.java:91:	The method 'onPlayerChat' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/ChatHandler.java:91:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/ChatHandler.java:92:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/ChatHandler.java:93:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/ChatHandler.java:94:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/ChatHandler.java:95:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'ignore' (lines '95'-'118').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/ChatHandler.java:97:	Avoid variables with short names like pP
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/ChatHandler.java:98:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/ChatHandler.java:98:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/ChatHandler.java:98:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/ChatHandler.java:98:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/ChatHandler.java:98:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/ChatHandler.java:102:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/ChatHandler.java:106:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/ChatHandler.java:106:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/ChatHandler.java:107:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/ChatHandler.java:108:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/ChatHandler.java:108:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/ChatHandler.java:109:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/ChatHandler.java:110:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/ChatHandler.java:110:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/ChatHandler.java:111:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/ChatHandler.java:112:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/ChatHandler.java:112:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/ChatHandler.java:113:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/ChatHandler.java:114:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/ChatHandler.java:114:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/ChatHandler.java:115:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/ChatHandler.java:117:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/ChatHandler.java:120:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/ChatHandler.java:120:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/ChatHandler.java:121:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/ChatHandler.java:122:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/ChatHandler.java:125:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/ChatHandler.java:130:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/ChatHandler.java:133:	Parameter 'localChatRange' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/ChatHandler.java:133:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/ChatHandler.java:137:	Parameter 'shoutChatRange' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/ChatHandler.java:137:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/ChatHandler.java:141:	Parameter 'whisperChatRange' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/ChatHandler.java:141:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/ChatHandler.java:145:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'p' (lines '145'-'149').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/ChatHandler.java:145:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/ChatHandler.java:145:	Parameter 'ignore' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/ChatHandler.java:145:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/ChatHandler.java:146:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/ChatHandler.java:148:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/ChatHandler.java:149:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/ChatHandler.java:150:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/ChatHandler.java:154:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'p' (lines '154'-'158').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/ChatHandler.java:154:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/ChatHandler.java:154:	Parameter 'ignore' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/ChatHandler.java:154:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/ChatHandler.java:155:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/ChatHandler.java:157:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/ChatHandler.java:158:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/ChatHandler.java:159:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DamageHandler.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DamageHandler.java:17:	All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DamageHandler.java:17:	The class 'DamageHandler' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 18 (Highest = 18).
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DamageHandler.java:17:	The class 'DamageHandler' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 14 (Highest = 18).
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DamageHandler.java:17:	The class 'DamageHandler' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 14 (Highest = 18).
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DamageHandler.java:17:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DamageHandler.java:19:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DamageHandler.java:21:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DamageHandler.java:23:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DamageHandler.java:24:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DamageHandler.java:25:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DamageHandler.java:27:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DamageHandler.java:28:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DamageHandler.java:29:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DamageHandler.java:30:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DamageHandler.java:31:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DamageHandler.java:32:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DamageHandler.java:33:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DamageHandler.java:34:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DamageHandler.java:36:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DamageHandler.java:38:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DamageHandler.java:38:	The method 'damage' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 18.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DamageHandler.java:38:	The method 'damage' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 18.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DamageHandler.java:38:	The method 'damage' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 18.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DamageHandler.java:38:	The method damage() has an NPath complexity of 1290
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DamageHandler.java:38:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DamageHandler.java:40:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'weapon' (lines '40'-'46').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DamageHandler.java:40:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'weapon' (lines '40'-'51').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DamageHandler.java:40:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'weapon' (lines '40'-'53').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DamageHandler.java:40:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'weapon' (lines '40'-'55').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DamageHandler.java:40:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'weapon' (lines '40'-'57').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DamageHandler.java:40:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'weapon' (lines '40'-'60').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DamageHandler.java:40:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'weapon' (lines '40'-'62').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DamageHandler.java:40:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'weapon' (lines '40'-'92').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DamageHandler.java:45:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DamageHandler.java:45:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DamageHandler.java:46:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'weapon' (lines '46'-'92').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DamageHandler.java:49:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DamageHandler.java:49:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DamageHandler.java:51:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DamageHandler.java:51:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'weapon' (lines '51'-'92').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DamageHandler.java:53:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DamageHandler.java:53:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'weapon' (lines '53'-'92').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DamageHandler.java:55:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DamageHandler.java:55:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'weapon' (lines '55'-'92').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DamageHandler.java:57:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'weapon' (lines '57'-'92').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DamageHandler.java:58:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DamageHandler.java:58:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DamageHandler.java:58:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DamageHandler.java:58:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DamageHandler.java:58:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DamageHandler.java:60:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DamageHandler.java:60:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'weapon' (lines '60'-'92').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DamageHandler.java:61:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DamageHandler.java:62:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'weapon' (lines '62'-'92').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DamageHandler.java:67:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DamageHandler.java:68:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DamageHandler.java:69:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DamageHandler.java:70:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DamageHandler.java:71:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DamageHandler.java:73:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DamageHandler.java:75:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DamageHandler.java:77:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DamageHandler.java:79:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DamageHandler.java:81:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DamageHandler.java:83:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DamageHandler.java:84:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DamageHandler.java:85:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DamageHandler.java:86:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DamageHandler.java:87:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DamageHandler.java:88:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DamageHandler.java:89:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DamageHandler.java:94:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DamageHandler.java:94:	The method 'goldArmor' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 16.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DamageHandler.java:94:	The method 'goldArmor' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DamageHandler.java:94:	The method 'goldArmor' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DamageHandler.java:94:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DamageHandler.java:97:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'helmet' (lines '97'-'115').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DamageHandler.java:97:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DamageHandler.java:97:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DamageHandler.java:98:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'chest' (lines '98'-'115').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DamageHandler.java:98:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DamageHandler.java:98:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DamageHandler.java:99:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'legs' (lines '99'-'115').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DamageHandler.java:99:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DamageHandler.java:99:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DamageHandler.java:100:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'boots' (lines '100'-'115').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DamageHandler.java:100:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DamageHandler.java:100:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DamageHandler.java:101:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DamageHandler.java:102:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DamageHandler.java:102:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DamageHandler.java:102:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DamageHandler.java:104:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DamageHandler.java:105:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DamageHandler.java:105:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DamageHandler.java:105:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DamageHandler.java:107:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DamageHandler.java:107:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DamageHandler.java:108:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DamageHandler.java:109:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DamageHandler.java:109:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DamageHandler.java:109:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DamageHandler.java:111:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DamageHandler.java:111:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DamageHandler.java:112:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DamageHandler.java:112:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DamageHandler.java:112:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DamageHandler.java:112:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:1:	A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:1:	Possible God class (WMC=105, ATFD=120, TCC=0.0)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:64:	All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:64:	The class 'DeathHandler' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 36 (Highest = 61).
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:64:	The class 'DeathHandler' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 30 (Highest = 52).
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:64:	The class 'DeathHandler' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 31 (Highest = 56).
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:64:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:66:	Avoid variables with short names like pm
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:66:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:66:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:68:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:68:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:70:	Avoid using implementation types like 'HashMap'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:70:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:72:	Avoid using implementation types like 'HashSet'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:72:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:74:	Avoid really long methods.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:74:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:74:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:74:	Parameter 'recentAttackers' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:74:	The method 'deathMessage' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 61.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:74:	The method 'deathMessage' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 52.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:74:	The method 'deathMessage' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 56.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:74:	The method deathMessage() has an NCSS line count of 182
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:74:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:76:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'random' (lines '76'-'234').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:78:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'deathMessage' (lines '78'-'84').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:79:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'attackers' (lines '79'-'86').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:81:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:81:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:81:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:82:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:82:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:83:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:85:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:89:	Avoid variables with short names like p
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:89:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:89:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:90:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:92:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:92:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:92:	Use equals() to compare strings instead of '==' or '!='
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:93:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:93:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:95:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:95:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:97:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:97:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:99:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:103:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:105:	Switch statements should have a default label
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:107:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:110:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:113:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:116:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:119:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:125:	Avoid variables with short names like e
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:127:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'plot' (lines '127'-'234').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:129:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:129:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:130:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:130:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:131:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:132:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:133:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:133:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:134:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:135:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:135:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:137:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:137:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:138:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:138:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:139:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:140:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:141:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:141:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:141:	The String literal " in " appears 6 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 141
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:142:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:143:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:143:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:144:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:145:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:146:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:146:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:147:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:148:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:148:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:148:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:148:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:149:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:150:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:151:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:151:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:152:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:153:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:153:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:155:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:155:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:156:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:156:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:157:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:158:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:159:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:159:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:160:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:161:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:161:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:163:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:163:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:164:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:164:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:165:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:166:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:167:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:167:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:168:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:169:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:169:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:171:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:171:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:172:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:172:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:173:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:174:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:175:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:175:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:176:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:177:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:177:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:179:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:179:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:180:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:180:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:181:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:181:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:182:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:182:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:183:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:185:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:186:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:187:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:189:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:189:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:191:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:191:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:193:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:193:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:195:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:195:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:197:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:197:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:199:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:199:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:201:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:201:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:203:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:203:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:205:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:205:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:207:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:207:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:209:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:209:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:211:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:211:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:213:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:213:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:215:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:215:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:217:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:217:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:219:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:219:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:221:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:221:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:223:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:223:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:225:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:225:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:227:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:227:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:228:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:228:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:229:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:229:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:231:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:231:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:236:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:236:	The method 'handleDeath' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 28.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:236:	The method 'handleDeath' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 24.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:236:	The method 'handleDeath' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 24.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:236:	The method handleDeath() has an NPath complexity of 2304
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:236:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:238:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:238:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'random' (lines '238'-'333').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:248:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:249:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:249:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:250:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:250:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:251:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:255:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:256:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:261:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:263:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:271:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:274:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:276:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:278:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:281:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:284:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:287:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:289:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:294:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:295:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:296:	Avoid excessively long variable names like lastAttackerEntity
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:299:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pseudoPlayerAttacker
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:301:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:301:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:307:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'itemStack' (lines '307'-'309').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:307:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'itemStack' (lines '307'-'311').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:307:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'itemStack' (lines '307'-'313').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:307:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'itemStack' (lines '307'-'315').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:307:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'itemStack' (lines '307'-'317').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:309:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:311:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:313:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:315:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:316:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:318:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:319:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:335:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'recentAttacker' (lines '335'-'394').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:335:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:335:	The method 'handleDeath' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 17.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:335:	The method 'handleDeath' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 13.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:335:	The method 'handleDeath' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 13.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:335:	The method handleDeath() has an NPath complexity of 672
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:335:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:343:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:346:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:346:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:347:	Avoid excessively long variable names like lumberjackingSkill
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:347:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:347:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:349:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:350:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:350:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:352:	Do not use the short type
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:352:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:357:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:362:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:366:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:379:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:380:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:385:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:386:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:391:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:394:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:402:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:402:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:402:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:405:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:408:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:408:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:409:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:409:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:410:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/DeathHandler.java:410:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/EnderdragonHandler.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/EnderdragonHandler.java:14:	All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/EnderdragonHandler.java:14:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/EnderdragonHandler.java:16:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'spawnDrake'
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/EnderdragonHandler.java:16:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/EnderdragonHandler.java:18:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/EnderdragonHandler.java:18:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/EnderdragonHandler.java:19:	Avoid variables with short names like e
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/EnderdragonHandler.java:22:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/EnderdragonHandler.java:26:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/EnderdragonHandler.java:31:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'e' (lines '31'-'38').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/EnderdragonHandler.java:31:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/EnderdragonHandler.java:31:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/EnderdragonHandler.java:33:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/EnderdragonHandler.java:33:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/EnderdragonHandler.java:33:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/EnderdragonHandler.java:33:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/EnderdragonHandler.java:33:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/EnderdragonHandler.java:34:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/EnderdragonHandler.java:35:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/EnderdragonHandler.java:37:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/EnderdragonHandler.java:37:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/EnderdragonHandler.java:37:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/EnderdragonHandler.java:37:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/EnderdragonHandler.java:38:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/EnderdragonHandler.java:39:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/EnderdragonHandler.java:40:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/EnderdragonHandler.java:40:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/EnderdragonHandler.java:40:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/EnderdragonHandler.java:40:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/EnderdragonHandler.java:40:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/EnderdragonHandler.java:40:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/EnderdragonHandler.java:40:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/GuardHandler.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/GuardHandler.java:23:	All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/GuardHandler.java:23:	The class 'GuardHandler' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 10 (Highest = 19).
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/GuardHandler.java:23:	The class 'GuardHandler' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 8 (Highest = 16).
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/GuardHandler.java:23:	The class 'GuardHandler' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 8 (Highest = 16).
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/GuardHandler.java:23:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/GuardHandler.java:25:	Avoid variables with short names like pm
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/GuardHandler.java:25:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/GuardHandler.java:25:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/GuardHandler.java:27:	Avoid variables with short names like tm
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/GuardHandler.java:27:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/GuardHandler.java:27:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/GuardHandler.java:29:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/GuardHandler.java:29:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/GuardHandler.java:31:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'dt' (lines '31'-'59').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/GuardHandler.java:31:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'npc' (lines '31'-'47').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/GuardHandler.java:31:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'pCP' (lines '31'-'70').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/GuardHandler.java:31:	Method names should not start with capital letters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/GuardHandler.java:31:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/GuardHandler.java:31:	The method 'Guard' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 19.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/GuardHandler.java:31:	The method 'Guard' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 16.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/GuardHandler.java:31:	The method 'Guard' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 16.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/GuardHandler.java:31:	The method Guard() has an NPath complexity of 19968
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/GuardHandler.java:31:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/GuardHandler.java:34:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/GuardHandler.java:35:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/GuardHandler.java:38:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/GuardHandler.java:38:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/GuardHandler.java:38:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/GuardHandler.java:39:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/GuardHandler.java:41:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/GuardHandler.java:42:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/GuardHandler.java:44:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'guard' (lines '44'-'49').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/GuardHandler.java:45:	Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/GuardHandler.java:45:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'closests' (lines '45'-'82').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/GuardHandler.java:46:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/GuardHandler.java:47:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/GuardHandler.java:47:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/GuardHandler.java:47:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/GuardHandler.java:48:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/GuardHandler.java:49:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'guard' (lines '49'-'49').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/GuardHandler.java:52:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/GuardHandler.java:53:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/GuardHandler.java:55:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/GuardHandler.java:55:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/GuardHandler.java:55:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/GuardHandler.java:55:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/GuardHandler.java:55:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/GuardHandler.java:55:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/GuardHandler.java:55:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/GuardHandler.java:55:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/GuardHandler.java:56:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/GuardHandler.java:58:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/GuardHandler.java:58:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/GuardHandler.java:59:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/GuardHandler.java:60:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/GuardHandler.java:60:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/GuardHandler.java:60:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/GuardHandler.java:60:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/GuardHandler.java:61:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/GuardHandler.java:70:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/GuardHandler.java:71:	An empty statement (semicolon) not part of a loop
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/GuardHandler.java:71:	An empty statement (semicolon) not part of a loop
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/GuardHandler.java:71:	Avoid empty if statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/GuardHandler.java:71:	Avoid empty if statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/GuardHandler.java:72:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/GuardHandler.java:75:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/GuardHandler.java:75:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/GuardHandler.java:75:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/GuardHandler.java:78:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/GuardHandler.java:84:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/GuardHandler.java:87:	Avoid variables with short names like c
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/GuardHandler.java:88:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/GuardHandler.java:93:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'npc' (lines '93'-'103').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/GuardHandler.java:93:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/GuardHandler.java:93:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/GuardHandler.java:96:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/GuardHandler.java:96:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/GuardHandler.java:97:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/GuardHandler.java:98:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/GuardHandler.java:99:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/GuardHandler.java:100:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'guard' (lines '100'-'105').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/GuardHandler.java:101:	Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/GuardHandler.java:101:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'closests' (lines '101'-'114').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/GuardHandler.java:102:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/GuardHandler.java:103:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/GuardHandler.java:103:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/GuardHandler.java:103:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/GuardHandler.java:104:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/GuardHandler.java:104:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/GuardHandler.java:105:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'guard' (lines '105'-'105').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/GuardHandler.java:107:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/GuardHandler.java:111:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/HelpHandler.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/HelpHandler.java:10:	All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/HelpHandler.java:10:	The class 'HelpHandler' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 14).
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/HelpHandler.java:10:	The class 'HelpHandler' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 12).
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/HelpHandler.java:10:	The class 'HelpHandler' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 12).
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/HelpHandler.java:10:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/HelpHandler.java:12:	Avoid really long methods.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/HelpHandler.java:12:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/HelpHandler.java:12:	Parameter 'sender' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/HelpHandler.java:12:	Parameter 'split' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/HelpHandler.java:12:	The method 'handle' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 14.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/HelpHandler.java:12:	The method 'handle' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 12.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/HelpHandler.java:12:	The method 'handle' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 12.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/HelpHandler.java:12:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/HelpHandler.java:13:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/HelpHandler.java:17:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/HelpHandler.java:18:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/HelpHandler.java:19:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/HelpHandler.java:22:	Do not add empty strings
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/HelpHandler.java:22:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/HelpHandler.java:32:	Do not add empty strings
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/HelpHandler.java:32:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/HelpHandler.java:40:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/HelpHandler.java:46:	Do not add empty strings
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/HelpHandler.java:46:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/HelpHandler.java:53:	Do not add empty strings
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/HelpHandler.java:53:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/HelpHandler.java:62:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/HelpHandler.java:68:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/HelpHandler.java:74:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/HelpHandler.java:81:	Do not add empty strings
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/HelpHandler.java:81:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/HelpHandler.java:87:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/HelpHandler.java:92:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/HelpHandler.java:97:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/HelpHandler.java:103:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/HelpHandler.java:109:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/HelpHandler.java:113:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/HelpHandler.java:117:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/HelpHandler.java:121:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/HelpHandler.java:127:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/HelpHandler.java:137:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/HelpHandler.java:141:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/HelpHandler.java:145:	Do not add empty strings
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/HelpHandler.java:145:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/HelpHandler.java:151:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/HelpHandler.java:156:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/HelpHandler.java:162:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/HelpHandler.java:168:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/HelpHandler.java:173:	Do not add empty strings
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/HelpHandler.java:173:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/HelpHandler.java:180:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/HelpHandler.java:186:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/HelpHandler.java:192:	Do not add empty strings
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/HelpHandler.java:192:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/HelpHandler.java:196:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/HelpHandler.java:205:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/HelpHandler.java:210:	Do not add empty strings
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/HelpHandler.java:210:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/HelpHandler.java:215:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/HelpHandler.java:221:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/HelpHandler.java:228:	Do not add empty strings
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/HelpHandler.java:228:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/HelpHandler.java:234:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/HelpHandler.java:240:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/HelpHandler.java:247:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/HelpHandler.java:252:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/HelpHandler.java:252:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/HelpHandler.java:264:	Position literals first in String comparisons for EqualsIgnoreCase
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/HelpHandler.java:264:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/HelpHandler.java:265:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/HelpHandler.java:266:	Position literals first in String comparisons for EqualsIgnoreCase
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/HelpHandler.java:266:	Position literals first in String comparisons for EqualsIgnoreCase
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/HelpHandler.java:266:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/HelpHandler.java:266:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/HelpHandler.java:267:	Position literals first in String comparisons for EqualsIgnoreCase
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/HelpHandler.java:267:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/HelpHandler.java:268:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/HelpHandler.java:269:	Position literals first in String comparisons for EqualsIgnoreCase
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/HelpHandler.java:269:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/HelpHandler.java:270:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/HelpHandler.java:271:	Position literals first in String comparisons for EqualsIgnoreCase
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/HelpHandler.java:271:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/HelpHandler.java:272:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/HelpHandler.java:273:	Position literals first in String comparisons for EqualsIgnoreCase
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/HelpHandler.java:273:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/HelpHandler.java:274:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/HelpHandler.java:275:	Position literals first in String comparisons for EqualsIgnoreCase
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/HelpHandler.java:275:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/HelpHandler.java:276:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/HelpHandler.java:277:	Position literals first in String comparisons for EqualsIgnoreCase
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/HelpHandler.java:277:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/HelpHandler.java:278:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/HelpHandler.java:279:	Position literals first in String comparisons for EqualsIgnoreCase
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/HelpHandler.java:279:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/HelpHandler.java:280:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/HelpHandler.java:281:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/HelpHandler.java:281:	Position literals first in String comparisons for EqualsIgnoreCase
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/HelpHandler.java:281:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/HelpHandler.java:286:	Parameter 'sender' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/HelpHandler.java:286:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/HelpHandler.java:288:	The String literal "Info:" appears 10 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 288
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/HelpHandler.java:298:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/HelpHandler.java:298:	Parameter 'sender' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/HelpHandler.java:298:	Parameter 'split' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/HelpHandler.java:298:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/HelpHandler.java:299:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/HelpHandler.java:315:	Position literals first in String comparisons for EqualsIgnoreCase
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/HelpHandler.java:315:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/HelpHandler.java:330:	Position literals first in String comparisons for EqualsIgnoreCase
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/HelpHandler.java:330:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/HelpHandler.java:350:	Parameter 'sender' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/HelpHandler.java:350:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/HelpHandler.java:358:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/HelpHandler.java:358:	Parameter 'sender' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/HelpHandler.java:358:	Parameter 'split' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/HelpHandler.java:358:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/HelpHandler.java:359:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/HelpHandler.java:360:	The String literal "-Land Ownership Help-" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 360
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/HelpHandler.java:374:	Position literals first in String comparisons for EqualsIgnoreCase
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/HelpHandler.java:374:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/HelpHandler.java:389:	Position literals first in String comparisons for EqualsIgnoreCase
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/HelpHandler.java:389:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/HelpHandler.java:405:	Position literals first in String comparisons for EqualsIgnoreCase
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/HelpHandler.java:405:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/HelpHandler.java:421:	Parameter 'sender' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/HelpHandler.java:421:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/HelpHandler.java:427:	Parameter 'sender' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/HelpHandler.java:427:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/HelpHandler.java:439:	Parameter 'sender' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/HelpHandler.java:439:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/HelpHandler.java:453:	Parameter 'sender' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/HelpHandler.java:453:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/HelpHandler.java:463:	Parameter 'sender' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/HelpHandler.java:463:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/InventoryGUIHandler.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/InventoryGUIHandler.java:10:	All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/InventoryGUIHandler.java:10:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/InventoryGUIHandler.java:12:	Avoid variables with short names like pm
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/InventoryGUIHandler.java:12:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/InventoryGUIHandler.java:12:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/InventoryGUIHandler.java:14:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/InventoryGUIHandler.java:14:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/InventoryGUIHandler.java:15:	Avoid variables with short names like p
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/InventoryGUIHandler.java:16:	Avoid variables with short names like pP
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/InventoryGUIHandler.java:17:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/InventoryGUIHandler.java:19:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/InventoryGUIHandler.java:19:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/InventoryGUIHandler.java:20:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/InventoryGUIHandler.java:20:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/InventoryGUIHandler.java:23:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/InventoryGUIHandler.java:23:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/InventoryGUIHandler.java:24:	Avoid variables with short names like p
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/InventoryGUIHandler.java:25:	Avoid variables with short names like pP
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/InventoryGUIHandler.java:26:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/InventoryGUIHandler.java:28:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/InventoryGUIHandler.java:28:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/InventoryGUIHandler.java:29:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/InventoryGUIHandler.java:29:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/KarmaHandler.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/KarmaHandler.java:3:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/KarmaHandler.java:3:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PVPHandler.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PVPHandler.java:26:	All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PVPHandler.java:26:	The class 'PVPHandler' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 20 (Highest = 35).
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PVPHandler.java:26:	The class 'PVPHandler' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 13 (Highest = 16).
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PVPHandler.java:26:	The class 'PVPHandler' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 13 (Highest = 16).
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PVPHandler.java:28:	Avoid variables with short names like pm
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PVPHandler.java:28:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PVPHandler.java:28:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PVPHandler.java:30:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PVPHandler.java:30:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PVPHandler.java:32:	Method names should not start with capital letters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PVPHandler.java:32:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PVPHandler.java:32:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PVPHandler.java:33:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PVPHandler.java:34:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PVPHandler.java:35:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PVPHandler.java:36:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PVPHandler.java:37:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PVPHandler.java:37:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'player' (lines '37'-'51').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PVPHandler.java:40:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PVPHandler.java:41:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PVPHandler.java:41:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PVPHandler.java:41:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PVPHandler.java:42:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PVPHandler.java:44:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PVPHandler.java:49:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PVPHandler.java:59:	Avoid really long methods.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PVPHandler.java:59:	Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'attacker'
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PVPHandler.java:59:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'pe' (lines '59'-'90').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PVPHandler.java:59:	Parameter 'defender' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PVPHandler.java:59:	The method 'canEntityAttackEntity' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 35.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PVPHandler.java:59:	The method 'canEntityAttackEntity' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 16.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PVPHandler.java:59:	The method 'canEntityAttackEntity' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 16.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PVPHandler.java:59:	The method canEntityAttackEntity() has an NPath complexity of 829440
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PVPHandler.java:64:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PVPHandler.java:65:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PVPHandler.java:70:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PVPHandler.java:71:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PVPHandler.java:77:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PVPHandler.java:77:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PVPHandler.java:77:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PVPHandler.java:78:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PVPHandler.java:78:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PVPHandler.java:79:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PVPHandler.java:80:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PVPHandler.java:80:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PVPHandler.java:81:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PVPHandler.java:82:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PVPHandler.java:88:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PVPHandler.java:89:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PVPHandler.java:89:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PVPHandler.java:90:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PVPHandler.java:90:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PVPHandler.java:90:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PVPHandler.java:90:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PVPHandler.java:90:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PVPHandler.java:91:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PVPHandler.java:91:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PVPHandler.java:92:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PVPHandler.java:92:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PVPHandler.java:93:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PVPHandler.java:93:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PVPHandler.java:94:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PVPHandler.java:94:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PVPHandler.java:95:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PVPHandler.java:95:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PVPHandler.java:96:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PVPHandler.java:96:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PVPHandler.java:97:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PVPHandler.java:97:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PVPHandler.java:98:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PVPHandler.java:98:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PVPHandler.java:99:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PVPHandler.java:99:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PVPHandler.java:100:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PVPHandler.java:100:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PVPHandler.java:101:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PVPHandler.java:107:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PVPHandler.java:108:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PVPHandler.java:108:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PVPHandler.java:108:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PVPHandler.java:109:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PVPHandler.java:114:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PVPHandler.java:115:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PVPHandler.java:121:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PVPHandler.java:121:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PVPHandler.java:122:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PVPHandler.java:128:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PVPHandler.java:128:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PVPHandler.java:129:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PVPHandler.java:134:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PVPHandler.java:134:	Use equals() to compare object references.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PVPHandler.java:135:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PVPHandler.java:137:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PVPHandler.java:137:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'pAttacker' (lines '137'-'160').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PVPHandler.java:143:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PVPHandler.java:143:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PVPHandler.java:144:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PVPHandler.java:149:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PVPHandler.java:149:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PVPHandler.java:149:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PVPHandler.java:149:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PVPHandler.java:149:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PVPHandler.java:150:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PVPHandler.java:155:	Avoid unnecessary if..then..else statements when returning booleans
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PVPHandler.java:155:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PVPHandler.java:155:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PVPHandler.java:155:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PVPHandler.java:156:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PVPHandler.java:156:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PVPHandler.java:157:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PVPHandler.java:162:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PVPHandler.java:162:	Parameter 'playerDamager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PVPHandler.java:162:	The method 'criminalAction' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 18.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PVPHandler.java:162:	The method 'criminalAction' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 16.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PVPHandler.java:162:	The method 'criminalAction' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 16.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PVPHandler.java:162:	The method criminalAction() has an NPath complexity of 11664
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PVPHandler.java:162:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PVPHandler.java:163:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PVPHandler.java:164:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PVPHandler.java:165:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PVPHandler.java:166:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PVPHandler.java:168:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PVPHandler.java:168:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PVPHandler.java:169:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PVPHandler.java:171:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pseudoPlayerDefender
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PVPHandler.java:172:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pseudoPlayerAttacker
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PVPHandler.java:175:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PVPHandler.java:176:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PVPHandler.java:179:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PVPHandler.java:180:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PVPHandler.java:186:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'notCrim' (lines '186'-'188').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PVPHandler.java:186:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'notCrim' (lines '186'-'193').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PVPHandler.java:186:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'notCrim' (lines '186'-'195').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PVPHandler.java:186:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'notCrim' (lines '186'-'199').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PVPHandler.java:186:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'notCrim' (lines '186'-'230').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PVPHandler.java:187:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PVPHandler.java:187:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PVPHandler.java:187:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PVPHandler.java:188:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'notCrim' (lines '188'-'193').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PVPHandler.java:188:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'notCrim' (lines '188'-'195').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PVPHandler.java:188:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'notCrim' (lines '188'-'199').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PVPHandler.java:188:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'notCrim' (lines '188'-'230').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PVPHandler.java:192:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PVPHandler.java:192:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PVPHandler.java:193:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'notCrim' (lines '193'-'195').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PVPHandler.java:193:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'notCrim' (lines '193'-'199').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PVPHandler.java:193:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'notCrim' (lines '193'-'230').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PVPHandler.java:194:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PVPHandler.java:194:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PVPHandler.java:195:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'notCrim' (lines '195'-'199').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PVPHandler.java:195:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'notCrim' (lines '195'-'230').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PVPHandler.java:197:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PVPHandler.java:197:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PVPHandler.java:199:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'notCrim' (lines '199'-'230').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PVPHandler.java:206:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PVPHandler.java:207:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PVPHandler.java:208:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PVPHandler.java:208:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PVPHandler.java:208:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PVPHandler.java:209:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PVPHandler.java:210:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PVPHandler.java:211:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PVPHandler.java:212:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PVPHandler.java:212:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PVPHandler.java:212:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PVPHandler.java:216:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PVPHandler.java:218:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PVPHandler.java:218:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PVPHandler.java:220:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PVPHandler.java:222:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PVPHandler.java:222:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PVPHandler.java:229:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:1:	A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:1:	Possible God class (WMC=206, ATFD=304, TCC=0.0)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:52:	All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:52:	The class 'PlotProtectionHandler' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 9 (Highest = 28).
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:52:	The class 'PlotProtectionHandler' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 8 (Highest = 24).
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:52:	The class 'PlotProtectionHandler' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 8 (Highest = 24).
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:52:	This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:52:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:54:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:54:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:56:	Avoid variables with short names like pm
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:56:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:56:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:63:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:64:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:65:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:66:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:66:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'player' (lines '66'-'78').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:67:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:67:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:68:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:69:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:70:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:73:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:76:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:76:	The String literal " is protected." appears 12 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 76
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:85:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:86:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:87:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:88:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:88:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:89:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:90:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:93:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:94:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:95:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:96:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:98:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:107:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:108:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:109:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:110:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:110:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:113:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:114:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:117:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:118:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:120:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:120:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:121:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:122:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:122:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:124:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:124:	Use equals() to compare object references.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:134:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:135:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:136:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:137:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:137:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:138:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:139:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:142:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:146:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:148:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:151:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:159:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'b' (lines '159'-'163').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:159:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:161:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pro' (lines '161'-'172').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:161:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'pro' (lines '161'-'178').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:163:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:164:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:166:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:168:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:168:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:170:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:176:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:177:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:185:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:186:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:187:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:189:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:193:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:195:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:195:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:205:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:206:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:207:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:208:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:208:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'player' (lines '208'-'220').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:209:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:209:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:210:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:211:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:214:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:216:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:218:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:227:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:228:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:229:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:230:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:230:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'player' (lines '230'-'242').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:231:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:231:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:232:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:233:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:236:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:238:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:240:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:249:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:250:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:251:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:253:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:253:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:253:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:253:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:253:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:254:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:255:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:256:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:257:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:260:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:261:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:262:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:262:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:263:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:264:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:264:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:268:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:271:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:271:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:272:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:272:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:274:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:275:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:278:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:279:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:280:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:280:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:291:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:291:	The method 'onEntityDamageByEntity' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 13.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:291:	The method 'onEntityDamageByEntity' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:291:	The method 'onEntityDamageByEntity' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:291:	The method onEntityDamageByEntity() has an NPath complexity of 224
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:296:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'player' (lines '296'-'299').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:296:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'player' (lines '296'-'332').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:298:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:299:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'player' (lines '299'-'332').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:301:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:303:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:304:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:307:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:308:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:309:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:309:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:310:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:316:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:317:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:319:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:321:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:322:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:327:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:328:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:334:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:334:	The method 'onHangingDestory' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 16.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:334:	The method 'onHangingDestory' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 13.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:334:	The method 'onHangingDestory' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 13.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:334:	The method onHangingDestory() has an NPath complexity of 1008
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:334:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:335:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:335:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:337:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:338:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:341:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:341:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:342:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:344:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:344:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'entity' (lines '344'-'376').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:346:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'player' (lines '346'-'350').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:349:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:349:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:350:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:353:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:353:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:354:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:356:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:356:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:356:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:356:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:356:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:357:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:362:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:363:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:365:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:367:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:368:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:371:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:372:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:378:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:378:	The method 'onHangingPlace' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 12.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:378:	The method 'onHangingPlace' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:378:	The method 'onHangingPlace' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:378:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:379:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:379:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:381:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:382:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:385:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:386:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:388:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:388:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'entity' (lines '388'-'413').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:392:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:392:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:393:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:399:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:400:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:402:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:404:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:405:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:408:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:409:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:415:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:415:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:418:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:419:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:422:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:424:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:424:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:434:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'block' (lines '434'-'438').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:434:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:435:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:436:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:437:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:438:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:438:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:445:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:445:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:446:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:446:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:447:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:449:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:452:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:453:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:453:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:453:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:453:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:454:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:454:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:455:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:457:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:457:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:457:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:459:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:463:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:463:	The method 'onPlayerInteract' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 17.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:463:	The method 'onPlayerInteract' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:463:	The method 'onPlayerInteract' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:463:	The method onPlayerInteract() has an NPath complexity of 433
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:463:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:464:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:465:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:466:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:466:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:466:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:466:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:466:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:467:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:467:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:468:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:468:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:469:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:469:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:470:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:470:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:471:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:471:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:472:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:474:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:476:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:479:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:481:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:483:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:484:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:487:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:488:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:492:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:492:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:493:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:495:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:495:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:495:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:495:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:496:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:499:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:500:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:507:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:507:	The method 'onPlayerInteractEntity' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:507:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:508:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:508:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:510:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:511:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:514:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:515:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:519:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:519:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'entity' (lines '519'-'546').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:521:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:521:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:522:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:533:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:535:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:536:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:548:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:548:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:549:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:549:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:550:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:551:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:554:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:556:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:556:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:557:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:557:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:557:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:557:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:557:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:557:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:557:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:557:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:557:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:557:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:557:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:558:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:559:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:563:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:563:	The method 'onPlayerSpawn' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:563:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:564:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'pPlayer' (lines '564'-'586').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:567:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:568:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:571:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:573:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'plotPlayer' (lines '573'-'586').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:573:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:574:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:575:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:576:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:578:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:578:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:578:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:578:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:578:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:579:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:579:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:580:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:582:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:585:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:585:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:588:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:588:	The method 'onPlayerTeleport' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 22.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:588:	The method 'onPlayerTeleport' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 18.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:588:	The method 'onPlayerTeleport' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 18.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:588:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:589:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:590:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:591:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:591:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:591:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:593:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'player' (lines '593'-'649').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:597:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:598:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:599:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:599:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:600:	The String literal "Hostile territory" appears 6 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 600
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:601:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:602:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:602:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:604:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:606:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:606:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:606:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:607:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:612:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:612:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:612:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:615:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:616:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:617:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:617:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:617:	The String literal "You have left " appears 10 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 617
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:619:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:620:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:620:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:622:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:624:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:624:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:624:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:625:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:629:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:629:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:629:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:630:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:630:	Use equals() to compare object references.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:632:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:633:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:634:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:634:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:636:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:637:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:637:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:639:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:641:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:641:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:641:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:642:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:646:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:647:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:647:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:656:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:656:	The method 'onPlotEnter' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 28.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:656:	The method 'onPlotEnter' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 24.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:656:	The method 'onPlotEnter' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 24.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:657:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:658:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:659:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:659:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:659:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:661:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'player' (lines '661'-'730').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:662:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:662:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:662:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:662:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:663:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:663:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:663:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:663:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:665:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:666:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:667:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:667:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:669:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:670:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:670:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:672:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:674:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:674:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:674:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:675:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:678:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:679:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:679:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:681:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:683:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:683:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:683:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:683:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:687:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:688:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:689:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:689:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:691:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:692:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:692:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:694:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:696:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:696:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:696:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:697:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:700:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:701:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:701:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:703:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:705:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:705:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:705:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:706:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:708:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:708:	Use equals() to compare object references.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:710:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:711:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:712:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:712:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:714:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:715:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:715:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:717:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:719:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:719:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:719:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:720:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:723:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:724:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:724:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:726:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:728:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:728:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:728:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:728:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:737:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:738:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:739:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:740:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:740:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'player' (lines '740'-'752').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:741:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:741:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:742:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:743:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:746:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:748:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/PlotProtectionHandler.java:750:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/RankHandler.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/RankHandler.java:12:	All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/RankHandler.java:12:	The class 'RankHandler' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 12 (Highest = 11).
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/RankHandler.java:12:	The class 'RankHandler' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 11 (Highest = 10).
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/RankHandler.java:12:	The class 'RankHandler' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 11 (Highest = 10).
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/RankHandler.java:12:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/RankHandler.java:14:	Avoid variables with short names like pm
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/RankHandler.java:14:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/RankHandler.java:14:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/RankHandler.java:16:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'ra' (lines '16'-'20').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/RankHandler.java:16:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'recentAttacker' (lines '16'-'31').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/RankHandler.java:16:	Parameter 'pPlayer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/RankHandler.java:16:	The method 'rank' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/RankHandler.java:16:	The method 'rank' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/RankHandler.java:16:	The method 'rank' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/RankHandler.java:16:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/RankHandler.java:18:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/RankHandler.java:18:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/RankHandler.java:18:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/RankHandler.java:20:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/RankHandler.java:20:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/RankHandler.java:21:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/RankHandler.java:21:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/RankHandler.java:21:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/RankHandler.java:25:	Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/RankHandler.java:26:	Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/RankHandler.java:27:	Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/RankHandler.java:28:	Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/RankHandler.java:31:	Avoid excessively long variable names like recentAttackerPseudoPlayer
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/RankHandler.java:31:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/RankHandler.java:32:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/RankHandler.java:36:	Avoid excessively long variable names like recentAttackerPseudoPlayer
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/RankHandler.java:36:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/RankHandler.java:37:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/RankHandler.java:38:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'ATTACKERNEWRANK' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/RankHandler.java:39:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/RankHandler.java:39:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/RankHandler.java:40:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/RankHandler.java:40:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/RankHandler.java:40:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/RankHandler.java:42:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/RankHandler.java:45:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/RankHandler.java:46:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ATTACKERNEWRANK' (lines '46'-'48').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/RankHandler.java:50:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/RankHandler.java:53:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'LOSERNEWRANK' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/RankHandler.java:54:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/RankHandler.java:55:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/RankHandler.java:55:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/RankHandler.java:57:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/RankHandler.java:60:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/RankHandler.java:61:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'LOSERNEWRANK' (lines '61'-'63').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/ScrollHandler.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/ScrollHandler.java:14:	All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/ScrollHandler.java:14:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/ScrollHandler.java:16:	Avoid variables with short names like sf
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/ScrollHandler.java:16:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/ScrollHandler.java:18:	Avoid variables with short names like pm
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/ScrollHandler.java:18:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/ScrollHandler.java:18:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/ScrollHandler.java:20:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/ScrollHandler.java:20:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/ScrollHandler.java:21:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/ScrollHandler.java:21:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/ScrollHandler.java:22:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/ScrollHandler.java:23:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/ScrollHandler.java:23:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/ScrollHandler.java:23:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/ScrollHandler.java:24:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/ScrollHandler.java:25:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/ScrollHandler.java:25:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/ScrollHandler.java:27:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/ScrollHandler.java:28:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'pPlayer' (lines '28'-'38').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/ScrollHandler.java:30:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/ScrollHandler.java:33:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/ScrollHandler.java:34:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/ScrollHandler.java:34:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/ScrollHandler.java:34:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/ScrollHandler.java:34:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/ScrollHandler.java:34:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/ScrollHandler.java:35:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/ScrollHandler.java:36:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/foodHealHandler.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/foodHealHandler.java:18:	All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/foodHealHandler.java:18:	Class names should begin with an uppercase character
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/foodHealHandler.java:18:	The class 'foodHealHandler' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 23 (Highest = 22).
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/foodHealHandler.java:18:	The class 'foodHealHandler' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 16 (Highest = 15).
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/foodHealHandler.java:18:	The class 'foodHealHandler' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 16 (Highest = 15).
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/foodHealHandler.java:18:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/foodHealHandler.java:20:	Avoid variables with short names like pm
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/foodHealHandler.java:20:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/foodHealHandler.java:20:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/foodHealHandler.java:22:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/foodHealHandler.java:22:	The method 'foodHeal' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 22.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/foodHealHandler.java:22:	The method 'foodHeal' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 15.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/foodHealHandler.java:22:	The method 'foodHeal' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 15.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/foodHealHandler.java:22:	The method foodHeal() has an NPath complexity of 23040
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/foodHealHandler.java:22:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/foodHealHandler.java:23:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/foodHealHandler.java:23:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/foodHealHandler.java:23:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/foodHealHandler.java:23:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/foodHealHandler.java:23:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/foodHealHandler.java:24:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/foodHealHandler.java:26:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/foodHealHandler.java:26:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'player' (lines '26'-'90').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/foodHealHandler.java:27:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/foodHealHandler.java:27:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/foodHealHandler.java:27:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/foodHealHandler.java:27:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/foodHealHandler.java:27:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/foodHealHandler.java:27:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/foodHealHandler.java:27:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/foodHealHandler.java:27:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/foodHealHandler.java:27:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/foodHealHandler.java:27:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/foodHealHandler.java:28:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/foodHealHandler.java:28:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/foodHealHandler.java:29:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/foodHealHandler.java:29:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/foodHealHandler.java:29:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/foodHealHandler.java:29:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/foodHealHandler.java:30:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/foodHealHandler.java:30:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/foodHealHandler.java:31:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/foodHealHandler.java:31:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/foodHealHandler.java:32:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/foodHealHandler.java:33:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/foodHealHandler.java:33:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'itemInHand' (lines '33'-'90').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/foodHealHandler.java:33:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/foodHealHandler.java:34:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/foodHealHandler.java:34:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/foodHealHandler.java:34:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/foodHealHandler.java:35:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/foodHealHandler.java:35:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'pPlayer' (lines '35'-'90').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/foodHealHandler.java:36:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/foodHealHandler.java:37:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/foodHealHandler.java:38:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/foodHealHandler.java:39:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/foodHealHandler.java:44:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/foodHealHandler.java:46:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/foodHealHandler.java:47:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/foodHealHandler.java:49:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/foodHealHandler.java:50:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/foodHealHandler.java:50:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/foodHealHandler.java:50:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/foodHealHandler.java:51:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/foodHealHandler.java:51:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/foodHealHandler.java:53:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/foodHealHandler.java:54:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/foodHealHandler.java:54:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/foodHealHandler.java:54:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/foodHealHandler.java:55:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/foodHealHandler.java:55:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/foodHealHandler.java:58:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/foodHealHandler.java:58:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/foodHealHandler.java:60:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/foodHealHandler.java:62:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/foodHealHandler.java:62:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/foodHealHandler.java:65:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/foodHealHandler.java:66:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/foodHealHandler.java:67:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/foodHealHandler.java:67:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/foodHealHandler.java:67:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/foodHealHandler.java:72:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/foodHealHandler.java:72:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/foodHealHandler.java:74:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/foodHealHandler.java:76:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/foodHealHandler.java:77:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/foodHealHandler.java:78:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/foodHealHandler.java:78:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/foodHealHandler.java:81:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/foodHealHandler.java:83:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/foodHealHandler.java:83:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/foodHealHandler.java:84:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/foodHealHandler.java:84:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/foodHealHandler.java:84:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/foodHealHandler.java:85:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/foodHealHandler.java:85:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/foodHealHandler.java:86:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/foodHealHandler.java:86:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/foodHealHandler.java:88:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/foodHealHandler.java:88:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/foodHealHandler.java:88:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/foodHealHandler.java:88:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/foodHealHandler.java:88:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Handlers/foodHealHandler.java:88:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/BlockListener.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/BlockListener.java:25:	This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/BlockListener.java:25:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/BlockListener.java:27:	Parameter 'plugin' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/BlockListener.java:27:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/BlockListener.java:32:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/BlockListener.java:32:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/BlockListener.java:37:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/BlockListener.java:37:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/BlockListener.java:43:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/BlockListener.java:43:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/BlockListener.java:48:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/BlockListener.java:48:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/BlockListener.java:53:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/BlockListener.java:53:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/BlockListener.java:58:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/BlockListener.java:58:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/BlockListener.java:63:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/BlockListener.java:63:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/BlockListener.java:64:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/BlockListener.java:66:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/BlockListener.java:66:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/BlockListener.java:66:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/BlockListener.java:72:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/BlockListener.java:72:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/BlockListener.java:77:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/BlockListener.java:77:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/BlockListener.java:78:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/BlockListener.java:85:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/BlockListener.java:85:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/BlockListener.java:90:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/BlockListener.java:90:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/BlockListener.java:95:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/BlockListener.java:95:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/EntityListener.java:1:	A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/EntityListener.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/EntityListener.java:39:	The class 'EntityListener' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 18).
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/EntityListener.java:39:	This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/EntityListener.java:39:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/EntityListener.java:41:	Parameter 'plugin' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/EntityListener.java:41:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/EntityListener.java:46:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/EntityListener.java:46:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/EntityListener.java:47:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/EntityListener.java:47:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/EntityListener.java:47:	The String literal "NPC" appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 47
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/EntityListener.java:57:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/EntityListener.java:57:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/EntityListener.java:62:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/EntityListener.java:62:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/EntityListener.java:63:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/EntityListener.java:63:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/EntityListener.java:66:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/EntityListener.java:66:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/EntityListener.java:67:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/EntityListener.java:67:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/EntityListener.java:67:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/EntityListener.java:67:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/EntityListener.java:67:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/EntityListener.java:67:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/EntityListener.java:76:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/EntityListener.java:76:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/EntityListener.java:78:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/EntityListener.java:78:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/EntityListener.java:84:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/EntityListener.java:84:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/EntityListener.java:85:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/EntityListener.java:85:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'attacker' (lines '85'-'92').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/EntityListener.java:87:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/EntityListener.java:87:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/EntityListener.java:95:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/EntityListener.java:95:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/EntityListener.java:96:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/EntityListener.java:96:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/EntityListener.java:103:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/EntityListener.java:103:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/EntityListener.java:108:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/EntityListener.java:108:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/EntityListener.java:113:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/EntityListener.java:113:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/EntityListener.java:118:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/EntityListener.java:118:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/EntityListener.java:123:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'e' (lines '123'-'139').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/EntityListener.java:123:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'pe' (lines '123'-'125').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/EntityListener.java:123:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/EntityListener.java:123:	The method 'onPotion' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 18.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/EntityListener.java:123:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/EntityListener.java:124:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/EntityListener.java:124:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/EntityListener.java:125:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/EntityListener.java:125:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/EntityListener.java:125:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/EntityListener.java:126:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/EntityListener.java:127:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/EntityListener.java:128:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/EntityListener.java:129:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/EntityListener.java:130:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/EntityListener.java:131:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/EntityListener.java:132:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/EntityListener.java:132:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/EntityListener.java:133:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/EntityListener.java:134:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/EntityListener.java:136:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/EntityListener.java:137:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'attacker' (lines '137'-'143').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/EntityListener.java:137:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/EntityListener.java:138:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/EntityListener.java:139:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/EntityListener.java:140:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/EntityListener.java:140:	Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/EntityListener.java:140:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/EntityListener.java:145:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/EntityListener.java:149:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/EntityListener.java:149:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/EntityListener.java:150:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/EntityListener.java:151:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/EntityListener.java:153:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/EntityListener.java:154:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/EntityListener.java:156:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/EntityListener.java:157:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/LostshardListener.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/LostshardListener.java:7:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/LostshardListener.java:9:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/LostshardListener.java:11:	Parameter 'plugin' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/LostshardListener.java:11:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/LostshardListener.java:16:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/PlayerListener.java:1:	A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/PlayerListener.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/PlayerListener.java:1:	Possible God class (WMC=50, ATFD=74, TCC=0.0)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/PlayerListener.java:63:	This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/PlayerListener.java:63:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/PlayerListener.java:65:	Parameter 'plugin' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/PlayerListener.java:65:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/PlayerListener.java:70:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/PlayerListener.java:70:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/PlayerListener.java:75:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/PlayerListener.java:75:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/PlayerListener.java:80:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/PlayerListener.java:80:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/PlayerListener.java:83:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/PlayerListener.java:83:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/PlayerListener.java:83:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/PlayerListener.java:83:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/PlayerListener.java:83:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/PlayerListener.java:83:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/PlayerListener.java:83:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/PlayerListener.java:83:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/PlayerListener.java:84:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/PlayerListener.java:87:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/PlayerListener.java:89:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/PlayerListener.java:89:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/PlayerListener.java:89:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/PlayerListener.java:89:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/PlayerListener.java:89:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/PlayerListener.java:89:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/PlayerListener.java:89:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/PlayerListener.java:96:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'itemStack' (lines '96'-'102').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/PlayerListener.java:96:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'itemStack' (lines '96'-'108').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/PlayerListener.java:96:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/PlayerListener.java:96:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/PlayerListener.java:99:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/PlayerListener.java:101:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/PlayerListener.java:101:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/PlayerListener.java:102:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/PlayerListener.java:104:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/PlayerListener.java:104:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/PlayerListener.java:104:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/PlayerListener.java:107:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/PlayerListener.java:107:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/PlayerListener.java:108:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/PlayerListener.java:108:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/PlayerListener.java:110:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/PlayerListener.java:110:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/PlayerListener.java:110:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/PlayerListener.java:118:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/PlayerListener.java:118:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/PlayerListener.java:120:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/PlayerListener.java:129:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/PlayerListener.java:129:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/PlayerListener.java:134:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/PlayerListener.java:134:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/PlayerListener.java:139:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/PlayerListener.java:139:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/PlayerListener.java:144:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/PlayerListener.java:144:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/PlayerListener.java:149:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/PlayerListener.java:149:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/PlayerListener.java:151:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/PlayerListener.java:156:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'plot' (lines '156'-'159').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/PlayerListener.java:156:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/PlayerListener.java:156:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/PlayerListener.java:158:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/PlayerListener.java:159:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/PlayerListener.java:160:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/PlayerListener.java:164:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/PlayerListener.java:164:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/PlayerListener.java:169:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/PlayerListener.java:169:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/PlayerListener.java:173:	Avoid variables with short names like p
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/PlayerListener.java:173:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'p' (lines '173'-'181').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/PlayerListener.java:174:	Avoid variables with short names like b
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/PlayerListener.java:175:	Avoid variables with short names like a
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/PlayerListener.java:176:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/PlayerListener.java:176:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/PlayerListener.java:178:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/PlayerListener.java:178:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/PlayerListener.java:178:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/PlayerListener.java:184:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/PlayerListener.java:184:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/PlayerListener.java:185:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/PlayerListener.java:189:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/PlayerListener.java:189:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/PlayerListener.java:194:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/PlayerListener.java:194:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/PlayerListener.java:203:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'msg' (lines '203'-'215').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/PlayerListener.java:203:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'p' (lines '203'-'226').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/PlayerListener.java:203:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/PlayerListener.java:203:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/PlayerListener.java:207:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/PlayerListener.java:209:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/PlayerListener.java:210:	Avoid variables with short names like s
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/PlayerListener.java:212:	Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/PlayerListener.java:212:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/PlayerListener.java:213:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/PlayerListener.java:215:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/PlayerListener.java:216:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/PlayerListener.java:218:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/PlayerListener.java:219:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/PlayerListener.java:220:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/PlayerListener.java:221:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/PlayerListener.java:222:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/PlayerListener.java:225:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/PlayerListener.java:227:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/PlayerListener.java:228:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/PlayerListener.java:228:	Use equals() to compare object references.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/PlayerListener.java:229:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/PlayerListener.java:233:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/PlayerListener.java:233:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/PlayerListener.java:242:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/PlayerListener.java:242:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/PlayerListener.java:252:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/PlayerListener.java:252:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/PlayerListener.java:257:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/PlayerListener.java:257:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/PlayerListener.java:262:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/PlayerListener.java:262:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/PlayerListener.java:267:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/PlayerListener.java:267:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/PlayerListener.java:271:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/PlayerListener.java:274:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/PlayerListener.java:274:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/PlayerListener.java:275:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/PlayerListener.java:276:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/PlayerListener.java:278:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/PlayerListener.java:279:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/PlayerListener.java:281:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/PlayerListener.java:282:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/ServerListener.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/ServerListener.java:10:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/ServerListener.java:12:	Parameter 'plugin' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/ServerListener.java:12:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/ServerListener.java:17:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/ServerListener.java:17:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/ServerListener.java:18:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/VehicleListener.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/VehicleListener.java:9:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/VehicleListener.java:11:	Parameter 'plugin' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/VehicleListener.java:11:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/VehicleListener.java:16:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/VehicleListener.java:16:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/VoteListener.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/VoteListener.java:10:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/VoteListener.java:12:	Parameter 'plugin' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/VoteListener.java:12:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/VoteListener.java:17:	Document empty method body
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/VoteListener.java:17:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/VoteListener.java:17:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/WorldListener.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/WorldListener.java:9:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/WorldListener.java:11:	Parameter 'plugin' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/WorldListener.java:11:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/WorldListener.java:16:	Document empty method body
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/WorldListener.java:16:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Listener/WorldListener.java:16:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/AsyncGameLoop.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/AsyncGameLoop.java:15:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/AsyncGameLoop.java:15:	The class 'AsyncGameLoop' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 13 (Highest = 12).
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/AsyncGameLoop.java:15:	The class 'AsyncGameLoop' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 13 (Highest = 12).
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/AsyncGameLoop.java:15:	The class 'AsyncGameLoop' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 13 (Highest = 12).
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/AsyncGameLoop.java:15:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/AsyncGameLoop.java:17:	Avoid variables with short names like pm
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/AsyncGameLoop.java:17:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/AsyncGameLoop.java:17:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/AsyncGameLoop.java:17:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/AsyncGameLoop.java:18:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/AsyncGameLoop.java:18:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/AsyncGameLoop.java:18:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/AsyncGameLoop.java:19:	Avoid variables with short names like cm
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/AsyncGameLoop.java:19:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/AsyncGameLoop.java:19:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/AsyncGameLoop.java:19:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/AsyncGameLoop.java:20:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/AsyncGameLoop.java:20:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/AsyncGameLoop.java:23:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'c' (lines '23'-'49').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/AsyncGameLoop.java:23:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'p' (lines '23'-'31').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/AsyncGameLoop.java:23:	The method 'run' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 12.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/AsyncGameLoop.java:23:	The method 'run' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 12.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/AsyncGameLoop.java:23:	The method 'run' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 12.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/AsyncGameLoop.java:23:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/AsyncGameLoop.java:25:	Avoid variables with short names like s
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/AsyncGameLoop.java:27:	Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/AsyncGameLoop.java:27:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/AsyncGameLoop.java:28:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/AsyncGameLoop.java:29:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/AsyncGameLoop.java:32:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/AsyncGameLoop.java:35:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/AsyncGameLoop.java:36:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/AsyncGameLoop.java:38:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/AsyncGameLoop.java:41:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/AsyncGameLoop.java:44:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/AsyncGameLoop.java:45:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/AsyncGameLoop.java:47:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/AsyncGameLoop.java:50:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/AsyncGameLoop.java:53:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/AsyncGameLoop.java:54:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/AsyncGameLoop.java:56:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/AsyncGameLoop.java:57:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/AsyncGameLoop.java:58:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/AsyncGameLoop.java:59:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/AsyncGameLoop.java:60:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/AsyncGameLoop.java:62:	Avoid empty if statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/AsyncGameLoop.java:62:	Avoid empty if statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/CustomSchedule.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/CustomSchedule.java:14:	All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/CustomSchedule.java:14:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/CustomSchedule.java:15:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/CustomSchedule.java:15:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/CustomSchedule.java:17:	Avoid variables with short names like pm
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/CustomSchedule.java:17:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/CustomSchedule.java:17:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/CustomSchedule.java:19:	Avoid variables with short names like s
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/CustomSchedule.java:19:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/CustomSchedule.java:19:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/CustomSchedule.java:21:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/CustomSchedule.java:21:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/CustomSchedule.java:22:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/CustomSchedule.java:22:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/CustomSchedule.java:23:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/CustomSchedule.java:23:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/CustomSchedule.java:25:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'p' (lines '25'-'33').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/CustomSchedule.java:25:	Method names should not start with capital letters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/CustomSchedule.java:25:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/CustomSchedule.java:34:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/CustomSchedule.java:35:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/CustomSchedule.java:35:	There is log block not surrounded by if
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/CustomSchedule.java:48:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/CustomSchedule.java:49:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/CustomSchedule.java:51:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/CustomSchedule.java:53:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/CustomSchedule.java:55:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/GameLoop.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/GameLoop.java:17:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/GameLoop.java:19:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'tick'
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/GameLoop.java:19:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/GameLoop.java:20:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'lastTickTime'
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/GameLoop.java:20:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/GameLoop.java:21:	Avoid variables with short names like pm
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/GameLoop.java:21:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/GameLoop.java:21:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/GameLoop.java:21:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/GameLoop.java:22:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/GameLoop.java:22:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/GameLoop.java:23:	Avoid variables with short names like cm
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/GameLoop.java:23:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/GameLoop.java:23:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/GameLoop.java:25:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/GameLoop.java:25:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/GameLoop.java:25:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/GameLoop.java:26:	Avoid variables with short names like tm
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/GameLoop.java:26:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/GameLoop.java:26:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/GameLoop.java:26:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/GameLoop.java:29:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/GameLoop.java:29:	Perhaps 'plugin' could be replaced by a local variable.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/GameLoop.java:29:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/GameLoop.java:31:	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/GameLoop.java:31:	Parameter 'plugin' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/GameLoop.java:31:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/GameLoop.java:36:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'camp' (lines '36'-'54').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/GameLoop.java:36:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/GameLoop.java:39:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'delta' (lines '39'-'44').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/GameLoop.java:41:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/GameLoop.java:41:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/GameLoop.java:43:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/GameLoop.java:45:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/GameLoop.java:51:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/GameLoop.java:53:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/GameLoop.java:55:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/Lostshard.java:1:	A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/Lostshard.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/Lostshard.java:68:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'maxPlayers' is not all capitals.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/Lostshard.java:68:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/Lostshard.java:69:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/Lostshard.java:71:	The Logger variable declaration does not contain the static and final modifiers
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/Lostshard.java:71:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/Lostshard.java:72:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/Lostshard.java:74:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'mysqlError'
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/Lostshard.java:74:	Field mysqlError has the same name as a method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/Lostshard.java:74:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/Lostshard.java:76:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/Lostshard.java:78:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/Lostshard.java:82:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/Lostshard.java:86:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/Lostshard.java:90:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/Lostshard.java:90:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/Lostshard.java:94:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'p' (lines '94'-'98').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/Lostshard.java:94:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/Lostshard.java:96:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/Lostshard.java:97:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/Lostshard.java:101:	Parameter 'debug' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/Lostshard.java:101:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/Lostshard.java:105:	Parameter 'mysqlError' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/Lostshard.java:105:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/Lostshard.java:109:	Avoid variables with short names like pm
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/Lostshard.java:109:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/Lostshard.java:109:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/Lostshard.java:109:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/Lostshard.java:109:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/Lostshard.java:110:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/Lostshard.java:110:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/Lostshard.java:110:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/Lostshard.java:110:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/Lostshard.java:112:	Avoid variables with short names like cm
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/Lostshard.java:112:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/Lostshard.java:112:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/Lostshard.java:112:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/Lostshard.java:112:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/Lostshard.java:114:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/Lostshard.java:114:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/Lostshard.java:114:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/Lostshard.java:116:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/Lostshard.java:116:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/Lostshard.java:118:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/Lostshard.java:122:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/Lostshard.java:126:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/Lostshard.java:130:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/Lostshard.java:134:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/Lostshard.java:140:	Avoid variables with short names like s
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/Lostshard.java:142:	Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/Lostshard.java:142:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/Lostshard.java:143:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/Lostshard.java:144:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/Lostshard.java:144:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/Lostshard.java:144:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/Lostshard.java:144:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/Lostshard.java:145:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/Lostshard.java:145:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/Lostshard.java:145:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/Lostshard.java:145:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/Lostshard.java:146:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/Lostshard.java:146:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/Lostshard.java:146:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/Lostshard.java:146:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/Lostshard.java:147:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/Lostshard.java:147:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/Lostshard.java:147:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/Lostshard.java:147:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/Lostshard.java:148:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/Lostshard.java:149:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/Lostshard.java:150:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/Lostshard.java:151:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/Lostshard.java:152:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/Lostshard.java:157:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'c' (lines '157'-'173').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/Lostshard.java:157:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'npc' (lines '157'-'161').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/Lostshard.java:157:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'p' (lines '157'-'169').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/Lostshard.java:157:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/Lostshard.java:159:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/Lostshard.java:160:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/Lostshard.java:160:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/Lostshard.java:162:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/Lostshard.java:162:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/Lostshard.java:164:	Avoid variables with short names like s
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/Lostshard.java:166:	Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/Lostshard.java:166:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/Lostshard.java:167:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/Lostshard.java:168:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/Lostshard.java:169:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/Lostshard.java:170:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/Lostshard.java:171:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/Lostshard.java:172:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/Lostshard.java:173:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/Lostshard.java:174:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/Lostshard.java:175:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/Lostshard.java:176:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/Lostshard.java:177:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/Lostshard.java:178:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/Lostshard.java:185:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'p' (lines '185'-'241').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/Lostshard.java:185:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/Lostshard.java:192:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/Lostshard.java:195:	There is log block not surrounded by if
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/Lostshard.java:195:	There is log block not surrounded by if
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/Lostshard.java:203:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/Lostshard.java:230:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/Lostshard.java:230:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/Lostshard.java:230:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/Lostshard.java:230:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/Lostshard.java:230:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/Lostshard.java:230:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/Lostshard.java:230:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/Lostshard.java:230:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/Lostshard.java:231:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/Lostshard.java:231:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/Lostshard.java:231:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/Lostshard.java:231:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/Lostshard.java:233:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/Lostshard.java:243:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/Lostshard.java:247:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/Lostshard.java:250:	Parameter 'asyncGameLoop' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/Lostshard.java:250:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/Lostshard.java:254:	Parameter 'plugin' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/Lostshard.java:254:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/Lostshard.java:258:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'p' (lines '258'-'260').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/Lostshard.java:258:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Main/Lostshard.java:259:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/ChestRefillManager.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/ChestRefillManager.java:11:	A class which only has private constructors should be final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/ChestRefillManager.java:11:	The class 'ChestRefillManager' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 2 (Highest = 10).
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/ChestRefillManager.java:11:	The class 'ChestRefillManager' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 2 (Highest = 10).
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/ChestRefillManager.java:11:	The class 'ChestRefillManager' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 2 (Highest = 10).
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/ChestRefillManager.java:11:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/ChestRefillManager.java:13:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/ChestRefillManager.java:15:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/ChestRefillManager.java:19:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/ChestRefillManager.java:19:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/ChestRefillManager.java:25:	Avoid variables with short names like cr
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/ChestRefillManager.java:25:	Parameter 'cr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/ChestRefillManager.java:25:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/ChestRefillManager.java:30:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'cr' (lines '30'-'32').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/ChestRefillManager.java:30:	Parameter 'chest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/ChestRefillManager.java:30:	The method 'getChest' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/ChestRefillManager.java:30:	The method 'getChest' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/ChestRefillManager.java:30:	The method 'getChest' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/ChestRefillManager.java:30:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/ChestRefillManager.java:31:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/ChestRefillManager.java:32:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/ChestRefillManager.java:32:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/ChestRefillManager.java:33:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/ChestRefillManager.java:34:	Avoid variables with short names like sc
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/ChestRefillManager.java:34:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'sc' (lines '34'-'36').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/ChestRefillManager.java:34:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'sc' (lines '34'-'38').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/ChestRefillManager.java:34:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'sc' (lines '34'-'40').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/ChestRefillManager.java:34:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'sc' (lines '34'-'42').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/ChestRefillManager.java:35:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/ChestRefillManager.java:35:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/ChestRefillManager.java:36:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/ChestRefillManager.java:36:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/ChestRefillManager.java:36:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/ChestRefillManager.java:37:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/ChestRefillManager.java:37:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/ChestRefillManager.java:38:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/ChestRefillManager.java:38:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/ChestRefillManager.java:38:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/ChestRefillManager.java:39:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/ChestRefillManager.java:39:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/ChestRefillManager.java:40:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/ChestRefillManager.java:40:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/ChestRefillManager.java:40:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/ChestRefillManager.java:41:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/ChestRefillManager.java:41:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/ChestRefillManager.java:41:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/ChestRefillManager.java:42:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/ChestRefillManager.java:42:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/ChestRefillManager.java:43:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/ChestRefillManager.java:44:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/ChestRefillManager.java:45:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/ChestRefillManager.java:45:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/ChestRefillManager.java:45:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/ChestRefillManager.java:46:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/ChestRefillManager.java:50:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/ChestRefillManager.java:54:	Avoid variables with short names like cr
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/ChestRefillManager.java:54:	Parameter 'cr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/ChestRefillManager.java:54:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/ChestRefillManager.java:59:	Parameter 'chests' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/ChestRefillManager.java:59:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/ChestRefillManager.java:63:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'cr' (lines '63'-'65').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/ChestRefillManager.java:63:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/ChestRefillManager.java:64:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/ClanManager.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/ClanManager.java:8:	A class which only has private constructors should be final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/ClanManager.java:8:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/ClanManager.java:10:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/ClanManager.java:12:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/ClanManager.java:16:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/ClanManager.java:16:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/ClanManager.java:22:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/ClanManager.java:26:	Parameter 'clans' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/ClanManager.java:26:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/ConfigManager.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/ConfigManager.java:11:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/ConfigManager.java:13:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/ConfigManager.java:13:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/ConfigManager.java:15:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/ConfigManager.java:19:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/ConfigManager.java:19:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/ConfigManager.java:19:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/ConfigManager.java:19:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/ConfigManager.java:21:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/ConfigManager.java:21:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/ConfigManager.java:21:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/ConfigManager.java:21:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/ConfigManager.java:23:	Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/ConfigManager.java:23:	Document empty constructor
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/ConfigManager.java:23:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/ConfigManager.java:26:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/ConfigManager.java:49:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/ConfigManager.java:49:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/ConfigManager.java:49:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/ConfigManager.java:49:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/ConfigManager.java:49:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/ConfigManager.java:50:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/ConfigManager.java:50:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/ConfigManager.java:50:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/ConfigManager.java:50:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/ConfigManager.java:50:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/ConfigManager.java:51:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/ConfigManager.java:51:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/ConfigManager.java:51:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/ConfigManager.java:52:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/ConfigManager.java:52:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/ConfigManager.java:53:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/ConfigManager.java:53:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/ConfigManager.java:53:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/ConfigManager.java:54:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/ConfigManager.java:54:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/ConfigManager.java:57:	Parameter 'plugin' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/ConfigManager.java:57:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/NPCManager.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/NPCManager.java:20:	A class which only has private constructors should be final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/NPCManager.java:20:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/NPCManager.java:22:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/NPCManager.java:24:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/NPCManager.java:28:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/NPCManager.java:28:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/NPCManager.java:28:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/NPCManager.java:28:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/NPCManager.java:34:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'npc' (lines '34'-'36').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/NPCManager.java:34:	Parameter 'location' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/NPCManager.java:34:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/NPCManager.java:35:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/NPCManager.java:36:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/NPCManager.java:37:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/NPCManager.java:41:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'npc' (lines '41'-'44').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/NPCManager.java:41:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/NPCManager.java:43:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/NPCManager.java:44:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/NPCManager.java:44:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/NPCManager.java:49:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'npc' (lines '49'-'51').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/NPCManager.java:49:	Parameter 'loc' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/NPCManager.java:49:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/NPCManager.java:50:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/NPCManager.java:51:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/NPCManager.java:51:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/NPCManager.java:52:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/NPCManager.java:56:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'npc' (lines '56'-'58').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/NPCManager.java:56:	Parameter 'uuid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/NPCManager.java:56:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/NPCManager.java:57:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/NPCManager.java:58:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/NPCManager.java:58:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/NPCManager.java:59:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/NPCManager.java:63:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'npc' (lines '63'-'66').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/NPCManager.java:63:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/NPCManager.java:65:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/NPCManager.java:66:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/NPCManager.java:66:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/NPCManager.java:71:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'n' (lines '71'-'75').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/NPCManager.java:71:	Parameter 'location' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/NPCManager.java:71:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/NPCManager.java:72:	Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/NPCManager.java:72:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'ndis' (lines '72'-'80').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/NPCManager.java:73:	Avoid variables with short names like rs
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/NPCManager.java:73:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'rs' (lines '73'-'77').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/NPCManager.java:75:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/NPCManager.java:76:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/NPCManager.java:77:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'rs' (lines '77'-'77').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/NPCManager.java:82:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'npc' (lines '82'-'86').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/NPCManager.java:82:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'plot' (lines '82'-'85').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/NPCManager.java:82:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/NPCManager.java:83:	Avoid variables with short names like rs
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/NPCManager.java:84:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/NPCManager.java:85:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/NPCManager.java:90:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'npc' (lines '90'-'92').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/NPCManager.java:90:	Parameter 'location' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/NPCManager.java:90:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/NPCManager.java:91:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/NPCManager.java:92:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/NPCManager.java:93:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/NPCManager.java:97:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'npc' (lines '97'-'100').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/NPCManager.java:97:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/NPCManager.java:99:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/NPCManager.java:100:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/NPCManager.java:100:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/NPCManager.java:105:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/NPCManager.java:105:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/NPCManager.java:106:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/NPCManager.java:106:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/NPCManager.java:107:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/NPCManager.java:108:	Avoid variables with short names like e
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/NPCManager.java:109:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/NPCManager.java:109:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'player' (lines '109'-'124').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/NPCManager.java:110:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/NPCManager.java:111:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/NPCManager.java:112:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/NPCManager.java:113:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/NPCManager.java:113:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/NPCManager.java:114:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/NPCManager.java:114:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/NPCManager.java:114:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/NPCManager.java:115:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/NPCManager.java:115:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/NPCManager.java:115:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/NPCManager.java:115:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/NPCManager.java:115:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/NPCManager.java:117:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/NPCManager.java:117:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/NPCManager.java:118:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/NPCManager.java:120:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/NPCManager.java:120:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/NPCManager.java:126:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'npc' (lines '126'-'129').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/NPCManager.java:126:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'plot' (lines '126'-'128').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/NPCManager.java:126:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/NPCManager.java:127:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/NPCManager.java:128:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/PartyManager.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/PartyManager.java:8:	A class which only has private constructors should be final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/PartyManager.java:8:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/PartyManager.java:10:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/PartyManager.java:12:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/PartyManager.java:16:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/PartyManager.java:16:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/PartyManager.java:22:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/PartyManager.java:26:	Parameter 'paries' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/PartyManager.java:26:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/PlayerManager.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/PlayerManager.java:21:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/PlayerManager.java:23:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/PlayerManager.java:23:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/PlayerManager.java:25:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/PlayerManager.java:29:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/PlayerManager.java:29:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/PlayerManager.java:31:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/PlayerManager.java:31:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/PlayerManager.java:35:	Parameter 'create' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/PlayerManager.java:35:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/PlayerManager.java:35:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/PlayerManager.java:39:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/PlayerManager.java:39:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/PlayerManager.java:43:	Parameter 'create' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/PlayerManager.java:43:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/PlayerManager.java:43:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/PlayerManager.java:47:	Parameter 'uuid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/PlayerManager.java:47:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/PlayerManager.java:51:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'pPlayer' (lines '51'-'55').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/PlayerManager.java:51:	Parameter 'create' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/PlayerManager.java:51:	Parameter 'uuid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/PlayerManager.java:51:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/PlayerManager.java:52:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/PlayerManager.java:53:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/PlayerManager.java:54:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/PlayerManager.java:55:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/PlayerManager.java:55:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/PlayerManager.java:56:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/PlayerManager.java:62:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/PlayerManager.java:63:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/PlayerManager.java:64:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/PlayerManager.java:70:	Parameter 'uuid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/PlayerManager.java:70:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/PlayerManager.java:71:	Avoid variables with short names like s
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/PlayerManager.java:72:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pPlayer' (lines '72'-'74').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/PlayerManager.java:74:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/PlayerManager.java:74:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/PlayerManager.java:74:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/PlayerManager.java:76:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/PlayerManager.java:77:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/PlayerManager.java:78:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/PlayerManager.java:78:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/PlayerManager.java:79:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/PlayerManager.java:84:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/PlayerManager.java:88:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/PlayerManager.java:88:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/PlayerManager.java:92:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/PlayerManager.java:96:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/PlayerManager.java:96:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/PlayerManager.java:98:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/PlayerManager.java:99:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/PlayerManager.java:99:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/PlayerManager.java:99:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/PlayerManager.java:99:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/PlayerManager.java:100:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/PlayerManager.java:100:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/PlayerManager.java:100:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/PlayerManager.java:100:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/PlayerManager.java:102:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/PlayerManager.java:103:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/PlayerManager.java:104:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/PlayerManager.java:108:	Parameter 'players' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/PlayerManager.java:108:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/PlayerManager.java:112:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'pPlayer' (lines '112'-'114').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/PlayerManager.java:112:	Parameter 'delta' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/PlayerManager.java:112:	Parameter 'tick' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/PlayerManager.java:112:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/PlayerManager.java:113:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/PlotManager.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/PlotManager.java:17:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/PlotManager.java:19:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/PlotManager.java:19:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/PlotManager.java:21:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/PlotManager.java:25:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/PlotManager.java:25:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/PlotManager.java:27:	Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/PlotManager.java:27:	Document empty constructor
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/PlotManager.java:27:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/PlotManager.java:36:	Parameter 'location' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/PlotManager.java:47:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'plot' (lines '47'-'49').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/PlotManager.java:47:	Parameter 'buffer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/PlotManager.java:47:	Parameter 'location' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/PlotManager.java:48:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/PlotManager.java:50:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/PlotManager.java:50:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/PlotManager.java:52:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/PlotManager.java:62:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/PlotManager.java:62:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'plot' (lines '62'-'64').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/PlotManager.java:62:	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/PlotManager.java:63:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/PlotManager.java:64:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/PlotManager.java:65:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/PlotManager.java:69:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'p' (lines '69'-'71').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/PlotManager.java:69:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/PlotManager.java:69:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/PlotManager.java:70:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/PlotManager.java:71:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/PlotManager.java:72:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/PlotManager.java:76:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/PlotManager.java:80:	Parameter 'plot' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/PlotManager.java:80:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/PlotManager.java:85:	Parameter 'plots' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/PlotManager.java:85:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/PlotManager.java:89:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'plot' (lines '89'-'92').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/PlotManager.java:89:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/PlotManager.java:91:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/PlotManager.java:95:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/PlotManager.java:96:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/PlotManager.java:97:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/PlotManager.java:99:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/PlotManager.java:99:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/PlotManager.java:103:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/PlotManager.java:104:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/PlotManager.java:106:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/PlotManager.java:106:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/PlotManager.java:110:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:1:	Possible God class (WMC=87, ATFD=104, TCC=0.0)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:29:	The class 'SpellManager' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 5 (Highest = 22).
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:29:	The class 'SpellManager' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 20).
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:29:	The class 'SpellManager' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 20).
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:29:	This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:29:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:31:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:31:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:33:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:37:	Avoid variables with short names like pm
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:37:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:37:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:37:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:37:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:39:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:39:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:39:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:39:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:41:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:41:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:41:	This final field could be made static
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:41:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:43:	Avoid excessively long variable names like minPercentChanceSkillGain
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:43:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:43:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:43:	This final field could be made static
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:43:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:45:	Parameter 'pPlayer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:45:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:45:	Parameter 'spell' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:45:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:48:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:50:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:53:	Parameter 'pPlayer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:53:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:53:	Parameter 'spell' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:53:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:56:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:59:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:62:	Avoid really long methods.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:62:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:62:	Parameter 'spell' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:62:	The method 'castSpell' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 22.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:62:	The method 'castSpell' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 20.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:62:	The method 'castSpell' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 20.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:62:	The method castSpell() has an NPath complexity of 276480
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:62:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:65:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:65:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:67:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:70:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:70:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:72:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:75:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:77:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:81:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:82:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:82:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:83:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:84:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:87:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:89:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:92:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:92:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:94:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:97:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:97:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:99:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'loc' (lines '99'-'171').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:101:	Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:103:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:104:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:106:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:106:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:107:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:107:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:107:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:110:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:114:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:115:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:117:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:119:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:124:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:127:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:127:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:127:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:130:	Use opposite operator instead of the logic complement operator.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:132:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:137:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:145:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:145:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:146:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:151:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:151:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:156:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:158:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:173:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'p' (lines '173'-'179').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:173:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:173:	Parameter 'spellWords' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:173:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:175:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:177:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'localRange' (lines '177'-'183').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:178:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:179:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:180:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:180:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:180:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:181:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:181:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:185:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:185:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:189:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:189:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:189:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:189:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:190:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:191:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:191:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:193:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:193:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:194:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:194:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:200:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:200:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:201:	Avoid variables with short names like st
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:202:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:203:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:203:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:207:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'reagent' (lines '207'-'213').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:207:	Parameter 'list' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:207:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:207:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:208:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:209:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:210:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:211:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:212:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:213:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:213:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:214:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:218:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:218:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:221:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:221:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:221:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:221:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:222:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:223:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:223:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:225:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:225:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:226:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:226:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:231:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:231:	Parameter 'spell' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:231:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:235:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'reagent' (lines '235'-'238').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:235:	Parameter 'list' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:235:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:235:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:237:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:238:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:238:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:241:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:241:	Parameter 'spell' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:241:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:245:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:245:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:246:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:246:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:246:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:246:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:246:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:249:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:249:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:249:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:250:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:251:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:252:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:252:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:252:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:252:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:252:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:252:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:252:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:254:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:254:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:255:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:256:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:261:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:261:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:265:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:266:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:268:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:270:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:271:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:271:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:273:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:274:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:274:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:274:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:275:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:277:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:281:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:281:	Parameter 'pseudoPlayer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:281:	Parameter 'spell' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:281:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:282:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:282:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:282:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:284:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:284:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:285:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:293:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:293:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:300:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:300:	Parameter 'spell' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:300:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:302:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:306:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'reagent' (lines '306'-'310').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:306:	Parameter 'list' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:306:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:306:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:307:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:309:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:313:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:313:	Parameter 'scroll' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:313:	The method 'useScroll' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 15.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:313:	The method 'useScroll' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 13.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:313:	The method 'useScroll' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 13.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:313:	The method useScroll() has an NPath complexity of 540
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:313:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:315:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:316:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:316:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:317:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:318:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:323:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:323:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:325:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:328:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:328:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:330:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:333:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'loc' (lines '333'-'379').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:335:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:336:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:338:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:338:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:339:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:339:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:339:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:342:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:342:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:342:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:343:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:347:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:348:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:348:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:350:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:351:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:351:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:351:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:352:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:355:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:356:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'spellGood' (lines '356'-'359').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:356:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'spellGood' (lines '356'-'362').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:365:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:366:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:368:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:372:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:375:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:375:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:375:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/SpellManager.java:376:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/StoreManager.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/StoreManager.java:11:	A class which only has private constructors should be final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/StoreManager.java:11:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/StoreManager.java:13:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/StoreManager.java:15:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/StoreManager.java:19:	Parameter 'manager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/StoreManager.java:19:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/StoreManager.java:23:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/StoreManager.java:23:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/StoreManager.java:25:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/StoreManager.java:25:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/StoreManager.java:25:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/StoreManager.java:25:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/StoreManager.java:31:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/StoreManager.java:33:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'store'
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/StoreManager.java:36:	Parameter 'location' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/StoreManager.java:36:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/StoreManager.java:38:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/StoreManager.java:41:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/StoreManager.java:45:	Parameter 'stores' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/StoreManager.java:45:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/TaskManager.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/TaskManager.java:8:	A class which only has private constructors should be final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/TaskManager.java:8:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/TaskManager.java:10:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/TaskManager.java:12:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/TaskManager.java:16:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/TaskManager.java:16:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/TaskManager.java:21:	Parameter 'task' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/TaskManager.java:21:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/TaskManager.java:25:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/TaskManager.java:29:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'dt' (lines '29'-'31').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/TaskManager.java:29:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/TaskManager.java:30:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Manager/TaskManager.java:32:	Avoid variables with short names like dt
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/NPC/NPC.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/NPC/NPC.java:32:	Avoid short class names like NPC
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/NPC/NPC.java:34:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/NPC/NPC.java:35:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/NPC/NPC.java:38:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/NPC/NPC.java:38:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/NPC/NPC.java:40:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/NPC/NPC.java:40:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/NPC/NPC.java:42:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/NPC/NPC.java:43:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/NPC/NPC.java:44:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/NPC/NPC.java:47:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'store'
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/NPC/NPC.java:47:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/NPC/NPC.java:52:	Document empty constructor
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/NPC/NPC.java:62:	Avoid unused constructor parameters such as 'plotId'.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/NPC/NPC.java:62:	Parameter 'location' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/NPC/NPC.java:62:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/NPC/NPC.java:62:	Parameter 'plotId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/NPC/NPC.java:62:	Parameter 'type' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/NPC/NPC.java:69:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/NPC/NPC.java:78:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/NPC/NPC.java:78:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/NPC/NPC.java:79:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/NPC/NPC.java:83:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/NPC/NPC.java:84:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/NPC/NPC.java:84:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/NPC/NPC.java:88:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/NPC/NPC.java:119:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'p' (lines '119'-'121').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/NPC/NPC.java:119:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/NPC/NPC.java:120:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/NPC/NPC.java:120:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/NPC/NPC.java:121:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/NPC/NPC.java:121:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/NPC/NPC.java:122:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/NPC/NPC.java:126:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/NPC/NPC.java:130:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/NPC/NPC.java:141:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/NPC/NPC.java:149:	Parameter 'location' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/NPC/NPC.java:150:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/NPC/NPC.java:157:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/NPC/NPC.java:157:	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/NPC/NPC.java:164:	Parameter 'location' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/NPC/NPC.java:172:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/NPC/NPC.java:176:	Parameter 'savableLocation' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/NPC/NPC.java:176:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/NPC/NPC.java:180:	Parameter 'store' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/NPC/NPC.java:180:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/NPC/NPC.java:188:	Parameter 'type' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/NPC/NPC.java:192:	Parameter 'uuid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/NPC/NPC.java:192:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/NPC/NPC.java:200:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/NPC/NPC.java:203:	Parameter 'location' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/NPC/NPC.java:203:	Parameter 'reason' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/NPC/NPC.java:203:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/NPC/NPC.java:204:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/NPC/NPC.java:204:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/NPC/NPCLib/NPCLibManager.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/NPC/NPCLib/NPCLibManager.java:21:	A class which only has private constructors should be final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/NPC/NPCLib/NPCLibManager.java:21:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/NPC/NPCLib/NPCLibManager.java:23:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'manager' is not all capitals.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/NPC/NPCLib/NPCLibManager.java:23:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/NPC/NPCLib/NPCLibManager.java:25:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/NPC/NPCLib/NPCLibManager.java:29:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/NPC/NPCLib/NPCLibManager.java:29:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/NPC/NPCLib/NPCLibManager.java:29:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/NPC/NPCLib/NPCLibManager.java:31:	Field isEnable has the same name as a method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/NPC/NPCLib/NPCLibManager.java:31:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/NPC/NPCLib/NPCLibManager.java:31:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/NPC/NPCLib/NPCLibManager.java:31:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/NPC/NPCLib/NPCLibManager.java:36:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/NPC/NPCLib/NPCLibManager.java:42:	Parameter 'lnpc' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/NPC/NPCLib/NPCLibManager.java:42:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/NPC/NPCLib/NPCLibManager.java:43:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/NPC/NPCLib/NPCLibManager.java:44:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/NPC/NPCLib/NPCLibManager.java:46:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/NPC/NPCLib/NPCLibManager.java:50:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'npc' (lines '50'-'53').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/NPC/NPCLib/NPCLibManager.java:51:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/NPC/NPCLib/NPCLibManager.java:54:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/NPC/NPCLib/NPCLibManager.java:56:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/NPC/NPCLib/NPCLibManager.java:61:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/NPC/NPCLib/NPCLibManager.java:61:	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/NPC/NPCLib/NPCLibManager.java:61:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/NPC/NPCLib/NPCLibManager.java:65:	Avoid variables with short names like e
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/NPC/NPCLib/NPCLibManager.java:65:	Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/NPC/NPCLib/NPCLibManager.java:65:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/NPC/NPCLib/NPCLibManager.java:69:	Parameter 'uuid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/NPC/NPCLib/NPCLibManager.java:69:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/NPC/NPCLib/NPCLibManager.java:71:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/NPC/NPCLib/NPCLibManager.java:72:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/NPC/NPCLib/NPCLibManager.java:73:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/NPC/NPCLib/NPCLibManager.java:76:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/NPC/NPCLib/NPCLibManager.java:80:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/NPC/NPCLib/NPCLibManager.java:84:	Parameter 'lnpc' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/NPC/NPCLib/NPCLibManager.java:84:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/NPC/NPCLib/NPCLibManager.java:85:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/NPC/NPCLib/NPCLibManager.java:86:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/NPC/NPCLib/NPCLibManager.java:88:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/NPC/NPCLib/NPCLibManager.java:92:	Avoid variables with short names like nt
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/NPC/NPCLib/NPCLibManager.java:92:	Parameter 'npc' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/NPC/NPCLib/NPCLibManager.java:92:	Parameter 'nt' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/NPC/NPCLib/NPCLibManager.java:92:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/NPC/NPCLib/NPCLibManager.java:93:	Avoid variables with short names like eq
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/NPC/NPCLib/NPCLibManager.java:93:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'eq' (lines '93'-'112').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/NPC/NPCLib/NPCLibManager.java:114:	Parameter 'lnpc' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/NPC/NPCLib/NPCLibManager.java:114:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/NPC/NPCLib/NPCLibManager.java:115:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/NPC/NPCLib/NPCLibManager.java:116:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/NPC/NPCLib/NPCLibManager.java:117:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/NPC/NPCLib/NPCLibManager.java:120:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/NPC/NPCLib/NPCLibManager.java:121:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/NPC/NPCLib/NPCLibManager.java:121:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/NPC/NPCLib/NPCLibManager.java:121:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/NPC/NPCLib/NPCLibManager.java:121:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/NPC/NPCLib/NPCLibManager.java:122:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/NPC/NPCLib/NPCLibManager.java:124:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/NPC/NPCLib/NPCLibManager.java:124:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/NPC/NPCLib/NPCLibManager.java:124:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/NPC/NPCLib/NPCLibManager.java:124:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/NPC/NPCLib/NPCLibManager.java:125:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/NPC/NPCLib/NPCLibManager.java:128:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/NPC/NPCLib/NPCLibManager.java:128:	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/NPC/NPCLib/NPCLibManager.java:128:	Parameter 'location' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/NPC/NPCLib/NPCLibManager.java:128:	Parameter 'reason' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/NPC/NPCLib/NPCLibManager.java:128:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/NPC/NPCLib/NPCLibManager.java:129:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/NPC/NPCLib/NPCLibManager.java:130:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/NPC/NPCLib/NPCLibManager.java:132:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/NPC/NPCType.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/NPC/NPCType.java:3:	enumCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Camp.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Camp.java:14:	Avoid short class names like Camp
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Camp.java:14:	The class 'Camp' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 10).
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Camp.java:14:	The class 'Camp' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 10).
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Camp.java:14:	The class 'Camp' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 10).
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Camp.java:14:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Camp.java:16:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Camp.java:16:	This final field could be made static
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Camp.java:16:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Camp.java:17:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Camp.java:18:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Camp.java:18:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Camp.java:19:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'isDead'
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Camp.java:19:	Field isDead has the same name as a method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Camp.java:19:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Camp.java:19:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Camp.java:20:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Camp.java:20:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Camp.java:21:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Camp.java:21:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Camp.java:23:	Parameter 'creator' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Camp.java:23:	Parameter 'fire' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Camp.java:23:	Parameter 'log' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Camp.java:23:	Parameter 'ticks' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Camp.java:23:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Camp.java:30:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'p' (lines '30'-'33').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Camp.java:30:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Camp.java:31:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'loc' (lines '31'-'38').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Camp.java:32:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Camp.java:33:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Camp.java:33:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Camp.java:34:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Camp.java:40:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Camp.java:44:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Camp.java:48:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Camp.java:52:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Camp.java:56:	The method 'tick' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Camp.java:56:	The method 'tick' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Camp.java:56:	The method 'tick' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Camp.java:56:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Camp.java:58:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'doused' (lines '58'-'73').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Camp.java:58:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'doused' (lines '58'-'77').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Camp.java:61:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Camp.java:62:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Camp.java:63:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Camp.java:70:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Camp.java:73:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Camp.java:74:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Camp.java:79:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Camp.java:80:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Camp.java:81:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Camp.java:87:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Camp.java:88:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Camp.java:88:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/ChatChannel.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/ChatChannel.java:3:	enumCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/ChestRefill.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/ChestRefill.java:30:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/ChestRefill.java:32:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/ChestRefill.java:32:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/ChestRefill.java:33:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/ChestRefill.java:34:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/ChestRefill.java:35:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/ChestRefill.java:36:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/ChestRefill.java:37:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/ChestRefill.java:37:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/ChestRefill.java:39:	Document empty constructor
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/ChestRefill.java:39:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/ChestRefill.java:43:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/ChestRefill.java:43:	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/ChestRefill.java:43:	Parameter 'items' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/ChestRefill.java:43:	Parameter 'loc' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/ChestRefill.java:43:	Parameter 'rangeMax' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/ChestRefill.java:43:	Parameter 'rangeMin' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/ChestRefill.java:43:	The user-supplied array 'items' is stored directly.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/ChestRefill.java:43:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/ChestRefill.java:49:	Overridable method 'refill' called during object construction
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/ChestRefill.java:52:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/ChestRefill.java:53:	Avoid variables with short names like s
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/ChestRefill.java:55:	Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/ChestRefill.java:55:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/ChestRefill.java:56:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/ChestRefill.java:57:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/ChestRefill.java:58:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/ChestRefill.java:59:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/ChestRefill.java:60:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/ChestRefill.java:61:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/ChestRefill.java:62:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/ChestRefill.java:63:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/ChestRefill.java:67:	Document empty method body
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/ChestRefill.java:67:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/ChestRefill.java:72:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/ChestRefill.java:73:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/ChestRefill.java:79:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/ChestRefill.java:84:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/ChestRefill.java:85:	Returning 'items' may expose an internal array.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/ChestRefill.java:89:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/ChestRefill.java:93:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/ChestRefill.java:97:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/ChestRefill.java:101:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/ChestRefill.java:105:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/ChestRefill.java:109:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/ChestRefill.java:110:	Avoid variables with short names like s
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/ChestRefill.java:112:	Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/ChestRefill.java:112:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/ChestRefill.java:113:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/ChestRefill.java:114:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/ChestRefill.java:115:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/ChestRefill.java:116:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/ChestRefill.java:117:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/ChestRefill.java:118:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/ChestRefill.java:119:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/ChestRefill.java:123:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/ChestRefill.java:125:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/ChestRefill.java:125:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/ChestRefill.java:127:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/ChestRefill.java:127:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/ChestRefill.java:129:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/ChestRefill.java:130:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/ChestRefill.java:130:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/ChestRefill.java:131:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/ChestRefill.java:131:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/ChestRefill.java:131:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/ChestRefill.java:131:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/ChestRefill.java:131:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/ChestRefill.java:131:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/ChestRefill.java:133:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'schest' (lines '133'-'135').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/ChestRefill.java:133:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'schest' (lines '133'-'137').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/ChestRefill.java:133:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'schest' (lines '133'-'139').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/ChestRefill.java:133:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'schest' (lines '133'-'141').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/ChestRefill.java:134:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/ChestRefill.java:134:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/ChestRefill.java:135:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/ChestRefill.java:135:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/ChestRefill.java:135:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/ChestRefill.java:136:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/ChestRefill.java:136:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/ChestRefill.java:137:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/ChestRefill.java:137:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/ChestRefill.java:137:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/ChestRefill.java:138:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/ChestRefill.java:138:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/ChestRefill.java:139:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/ChestRefill.java:139:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/ChestRefill.java:139:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/ChestRefill.java:140:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/ChestRefill.java:140:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/ChestRefill.java:140:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/ChestRefill.java:141:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/ChestRefill.java:141:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/ChestRefill.java:142:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/ChestRefill.java:143:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/ChestRefill.java:143:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/ChestRefill.java:143:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/ChestRefill.java:143:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/ChestRefill.java:143:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/ChestRefill.java:143:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/ChestRefill.java:146:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/ChestRefill.java:146:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/ChestRefill.java:146:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/ChestRefill.java:151:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/ChestRefill.java:152:	Avoid variables with short names like s
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/ChestRefill.java:154:	Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/ChestRefill.java:154:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/ChestRefill.java:155:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/ChestRefill.java:156:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/ChestRefill.java:157:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/ChestRefill.java:158:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/ChestRefill.java:159:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/ChestRefill.java:160:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/ChestRefill.java:161:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/ChestRefill.java:165:	Parameter 'contents' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/ChestRefill.java:165:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/ChestRefill.java:169:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/ChestRefill.java:169:	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/ChestRefill.java:169:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/ChestRefill.java:173:	Parameter 'location' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/ChestRefill.java:173:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/ChestRefill.java:177:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/ChestRefill.java:177:	Parameter 'items' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/ChestRefill.java:177:	The user-supplied array 'items' is stored directly.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/ChestRefill.java:177:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/ChestRefill.java:181:	Parameter 'rangeMax' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/ChestRefill.java:181:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/ChestRefill.java:185:	Parameter 'rangeMin' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/ChestRefill.java:185:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/ChestRefill.java:189:	Parameter 'refill' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/ChestRefill.java:189:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/ChestRefill.java:193:	Parameter 'location' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/ChestRefill.java:193:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/ChestRefill.java:197:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/ChestRefill.java:199:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/CustomObjects/SavableLocation.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/CustomObjects/SavableLocation.java:13:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/CustomObjects/SavableLocation.java:15:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/CustomObjects/SavableLocation.java:17:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/CustomObjects/SavableLocation.java:21:	Parameter 'location' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/CustomObjects/SavableLocation.java:21:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/CustomObjects/SavableLocation.java:26:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/CustomObjects/SavableLocation.java:30:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/CustomObjects/SavableLocation.java:34:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/CustomObjects/SavableLocation.java:38:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/CustomObjects/SavableLocation.java:42:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/CustomObjects/SavableLocation.java:46:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/CustomObjects/SavableLocation.java:50:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/CustomObjects/SavableLocation.java:54:	Parameter 'location' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/CustomObjects/SavableLocation.java:54:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/CustomObjects/SavableLocation.java:58:	Parameter 'pitch' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/CustomObjects/SavableLocation.java:58:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/CustomObjects/SavableLocation.java:62:	Parameter 'world' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/CustomObjects/SavableLocation.java:62:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/CustomObjects/SavableLocation.java:66:	Avoid variables with short names like x
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/CustomObjects/SavableLocation.java:66:	Parameter 'x' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/CustomObjects/SavableLocation.java:66:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/CustomObjects/SavableLocation.java:70:	Avoid variables with short names like y
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/CustomObjects/SavableLocation.java:70:	Parameter 'y' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/CustomObjects/SavableLocation.java:70:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/CustomObjects/SavableLocation.java:74:	Parameter 'yaw' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/CustomObjects/SavableLocation.java:74:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/CustomObjects/SavableLocation.java:78:	Avoid variables with short names like z
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/CustomObjects/SavableLocation.java:78:	Parameter 'z' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/CustomObjects/SavableLocation.java:78:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/FoodType.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/FoodType.java:9:	enumCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/FoodType.java:25:	If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/FoodType.java:25:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'lookupByMaterial' is not all capitals.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/FoodType.java:25:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/FoodType.java:28:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/FoodType.java:32:	Parameter 'foodType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/FoodType.java:32:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/FoodType.java:33:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/FoodType.java:34:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/FoodType.java:38:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/FoodType.java:38:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/FoodType.java:39:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/FoodType.java:39:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/FoodType.java:40:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/FoodType.java:40:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/FoodType.java:41:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/FoodType.java:41:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/FoodType.java:43:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/FoodType.java:43:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/FoodType.java:45:	Parameter 'fullnessAmount' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/FoodType.java:45:	Parameter 'healAmount' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/FoodType.java:45:	Parameter 'item' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/FoodType.java:45:	Parameter 'saturation' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/FoodType.java:45:	Parameter 'staminaCost' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/FoodType.java:53:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/FoodType.java:57:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/FoodType.java:61:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/FoodType.java:65:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/FoodType.java:69:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Clan.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Clan.java:27:	Avoid short class names like Clan
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Clan.java:27:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Clan.java:32:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Clan.java:32:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Clan.java:36:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Clan.java:41:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Clan.java:47:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Clan.java:50:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Clan.java:53:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'update'
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Clan.java:53:	Field update has the same name as a method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Clan.java:53:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Clan.java:55:	Document empty constructor
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Clan.java:55:	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Clan.java:55:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Clan.java:59:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Clan.java:59:	Parameter 'owner' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Clan.java:59:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Clan.java:66:	Parameter 'invite' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Clan.java:66:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Clan.java:72:	Parameter 'member' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Clan.java:72:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Clan.java:77:	Parameter 'uuid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Clan.java:77:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Clan.java:83:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Clan.java:87:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Clan.java:91:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Clan.java:95:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Clan.java:95:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Clan.java:97:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Clan.java:98:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Clan.java:99:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Clan.java:103:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Clan.java:108:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'pUUID' (lines '108'-'111').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Clan.java:108:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Clan.java:109:	Avoid variables with short names like rs
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Clan.java:111:	Avoid variables with short names like p
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Clan.java:112:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Clan.java:118:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Clan.java:122:	Parameter 'uuid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Clan.java:122:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Clan.java:123:	Avoid unnecessary if..then..else statements when returning booleans
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Clan.java:123:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Clan.java:124:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Clan.java:128:	Parameter 'uuid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Clan.java:128:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Clan.java:132:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Clan.java:132:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Clan.java:136:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Clan.java:136:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Clan.java:140:	Parameter 'owner' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Clan.java:140:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Clan.java:144:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Clan.java:148:	Parameter 'uuid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Clan.java:148:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Clan.java:154:	Parameter 'invite' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Clan.java:154:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Clan.java:156:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Clan.java:157:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Clan.java:163:	Parameter 'member' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Clan.java:163:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Clan.java:164:	Avoid excessively long variable names like numPartyMemberNames
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Clan.java:165:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Clan.java:166:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Clan.java:172:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'member' (lines '172'-'174').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Clan.java:172:	Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Clan.java:172:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Clan.java:176:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Clan.java:176:	There is log block not surrounded by if
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Clan.java:178:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Clan.java:184:	Parameter 'bank' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Clan.java:184:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Clan.java:188:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Clan.java:188:	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Clan.java:188:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Clan.java:192:	Parameter 'leaders' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Clan.java:192:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Clan.java:196:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Clan.java:196:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Clan.java:200:	Parameter 'owner' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Clan.java:200:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Clan.java:205:	Parameter 'update' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Clan.java:205:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Clan.java:209:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Group.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Group.java:27:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Group.java:27:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Group.java:30:	Avoid variables with short names like pm
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Group.java:30:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Group.java:35:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Group.java:40:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Group.java:42:	Parameter 'invite' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Group.java:42:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Group.java:43:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Group.java:47:	Parameter 'member' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Group.java:47:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Group.java:51:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Group.java:52:	Avoid variables with short names like s
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Group.java:54:	Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Group.java:54:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Group.java:55:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Group.java:56:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Group.java:57:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Group.java:58:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Group.java:59:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Group.java:60:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Group.java:61:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Group.java:62:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Group.java:66:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Group.java:70:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Group.java:74:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'pUUID' (lines '74'-'77').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Group.java:74:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Group.java:75:	Avoid variables with short names like rs
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Group.java:77:	Avoid variables with short names like p
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Group.java:78:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Group.java:84:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Group.java:85:	Avoid variables with short names like s
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Group.java:87:	Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Group.java:87:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Group.java:88:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Group.java:89:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Group.java:90:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Group.java:91:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Group.java:92:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Group.java:93:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Group.java:94:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Group.java:98:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'member' (lines '98'-'100').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Group.java:98:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Group.java:99:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Group.java:100:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Group.java:102:	Avoid unnecessary if..then..else statements when returning booleans
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Group.java:102:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Group.java:103:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Group.java:107:	Parameter 'invite' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Group.java:107:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Group.java:108:	Avoid unnecessary if..then..else statements when returning booleans
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Group.java:108:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Group.java:109:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Group.java:113:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Group.java:113:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Group.java:117:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Group.java:117:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Group.java:121:	Parameter 'member' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Group.java:121:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Group.java:122:	Avoid unnecessary if..then..else statements when returning booleans
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Group.java:122:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Group.java:123:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Group.java:127:	Parameter 'invite' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Group.java:127:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Group.java:129:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Group.java:130:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Group.java:134:	Parameter 'member' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Group.java:134:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Group.java:138:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Group.java:139:	Avoid variables with short names like s
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Group.java:141:	Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Group.java:141:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Group.java:142:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Group.java:143:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Group.java:144:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Group.java:145:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Group.java:146:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Group.java:147:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Group.java:148:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Group.java:152:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'member' (lines '152'-'154').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Group.java:152:	Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Group.java:152:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Group.java:156:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Group.java:157:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Group.java:162:	Parameter 'invited' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Group.java:162:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Group.java:166:	Parameter 'members' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Group.java:166:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Party.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Party.java:11:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Party.java:11:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Party.java:14:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'member' (lines '14'-'16').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Party.java:14:	Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Party.java:14:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Party.java:18:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Party.java:18:	There is log block not surrounded by if
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Groups/Party.java:20:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/GUI.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/GUI.java:18:	Abstract classes should be named AbstractXXX
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/GUI.java:18:	Avoid short class names like GUI
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/GUI.java:18:	This abstract class does not have any abstract methods
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/GUI.java:18:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/GUI.java:19:	Avoid variables with short names like pm
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/GUI.java:19:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/GUI.java:19:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/GUI.java:20:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/GUI.java:21:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/GUI.java:22:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/GUI.java:24:	Parameter 'items' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/GUI.java:24:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/GUI.java:24:	Parameter 'pPlayer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/GUI.java:24:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/GUI.java:30:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/GUI.java:35:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/GUI.java:36:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/GUI.java:36:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/GUI.java:36:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/GUI.java:37:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/GUI.java:37:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/GUI.java:37:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/GUI.java:37:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/GUI.java:39:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/GUI.java:41:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'itemStacks' (lines '41'-'43').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/GUI.java:43:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'itemStacks' (lines '43'-'43').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/GUI.java:45:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/GUI.java:49:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/GUI.java:53:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/GUI.java:57:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/GUI.java:61:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/GUI.java:61:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/GUI.java:63:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/GUI.java:66:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/GUI.java:69:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/GUI.java:78:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/GUI.java:78:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/GUI.java:83:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/GUI.java:83:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/GUI.java:87:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/GUI.java:87:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/GUI.java:91:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/GUI.java:91:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/GUI.java:92:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/GUI.java:96:	Parameter 'item' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/GUI.java:96:	Parameter 'slot' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/GUI.java:96:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/GUI.java:100:	Parameter 'items' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/GUI.java:100:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/GUI.java:104:	Parameter 'items' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/GUI.java:104:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/GUI.java:108:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/GUI.java:108:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/GUI.java:112:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/GUI.java:112:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/GUIClick.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/GUIClick.java:10:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/GUIClick.java:11:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/GUIClick.java:11:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/GUIItem.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/GUIItem.java:10:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/GUIItem.java:11:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/GUIItem.java:11:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/GUIItem.java:12:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/GUIItem.java:12:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/GUIItem.java:13:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/GUIItem.java:13:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/GUIItem.java:14:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'data'
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/GUIItem.java:14:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/GUIItem.java:14:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/GUIItem.java:15:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/GUIItem.java:18:	Parameter 'item' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/GUIItem.java:18:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/GUIItem.java:22:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/GUIItem.java:26:	Parameter 'click' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/GUIItem.java:26:	Parameter 'item' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/GUIItem.java:26:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/GUIItem.java:31:	Parameter 'displayItem' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/GUIItem.java:31:	Parameter 'displayName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/GUIItem.java:31:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/GUIItem.java:36:	Parameter 'click' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/GUIItem.java:36:	Parameter 'displayItem' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/GUIItem.java:36:	Parameter 'displayName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/GUIItem.java:36:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/GUIItem.java:38:	Overridable method 'setClick' called during object construction
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/GUIItem.java:41:	Avoid unused constructor parameters such as 'data'.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/GUIItem.java:41:	Parameter 'data' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/GUIItem.java:41:	Parameter 'displayItem' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/GUIItem.java:41:	Parameter 'displayName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/GUIItem.java:41:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/GUIItem.java:45:	Parameter 'click' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/GUIItem.java:45:	Parameter 'data' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/GUIItem.java:45:	Parameter 'displayItem' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/GUIItem.java:45:	Parameter 'displayName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/GUIItem.java:45:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/GUIItem.java:47:	Overridable method 'setClick' called during object construction
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/GUIItem.java:50:	Parameter 'click' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/GUIItem.java:50:	Parameter 'data' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/GUIItem.java:50:	Parameter 'displayItem' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/GUIItem.java:50:	Parameter 'displayName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/GUIItem.java:50:	Parameter 'lore' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/GUIItem.java:50:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/GUIItem.java:52:	Overridable method 'setClick' called during object construction
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/GUIItem.java:55:	Parameter 'data' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/GUIItem.java:55:	Parameter 'displayItem' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/GUIItem.java:55:	Parameter 'displayName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/GUIItem.java:55:	Parameter 'lore' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/GUIItem.java:55:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/GUIItem.java:62:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/GUIItem.java:66:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/GUIItem.java:71:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/GUIItem.java:71:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/GUIItem.java:74:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/GUIItem.java:74:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/GUIItem.java:81:	Parameter 'click' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/GUIItem.java:81:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/PlayersGUI.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/PlayersGUI.java:8:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/PlayersGUI.java:9:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/PlayersGUI.java:9:	Parameter 'pPlayer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/PlayersGUI.java:9:	Parameter 'players' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/PlayersGUI.java:9:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/PlayersGUI.java:13:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/PlotGUI.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/PlotGUI.java:8:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/PlotGUI.java:9:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/PlotGUI.java:11:	Parameter 'pPlayer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/PlotGUI.java:11:	Parameter 'plot' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/PlotGUI.java:11:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/PlotGUI.java:18:	Overridable method 'setPlot' called during object construction
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/PlotGUI.java:21:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/PlotGUI.java:25:	Parameter 'plot' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/PlotGUI.java:25:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/PlotInfoGUI.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/PlotInfoGUI.java:6:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/PlotInfoGUI.java:7:	Parameter 'pPlayer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/PlotInfoGUI.java:7:	Parameter 'plot' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/PlotInfoGUI.java:7:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/ScrollGUI.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/ScrollGUI.java:17:	The class 'ScrollGUI' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 12 (Highest = 11).
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/ScrollGUI.java:17:	The class 'ScrollGUI' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 11 (Highest = 10).
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/ScrollGUI.java:17:	The class 'ScrollGUI' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 11 (Highest = 10).
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/ScrollGUI.java:17:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/ScrollGUI.java:19:	Avoid variables with short names like sm
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/ScrollGUI.java:19:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/ScrollGUI.java:19:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/ScrollGUI.java:19:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/ScrollGUI.java:21:	Parameter 'pPlayer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/ScrollGUI.java:21:	The constructor 'ScrollGUI' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/ScrollGUI.java:21:	The constructor 'ScrollGUI' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/ScrollGUI.java:21:	The constructor 'ScrollGUI' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/ScrollGUI.java:21:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/ScrollGUI.java:24:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/ScrollGUI.java:25:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/ScrollGUI.java:29:	Avoid variables with short names like s
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/ScrollGUI.java:31:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/ScrollGUI.java:33:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/ScrollGUI.java:36:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/ScrollGUI.java:38:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/ScrollGUI.java:52:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/ScrollGUI.java:55:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/ScrollGUI.java:70:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/SkillsGUI.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/SkillsGUI.java:16:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/SkillsGUI.java:17:	Parameter 'pPlayer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/SkillsGUI.java:17:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/SkillsGUI.java:21:	Avoid variables with short names like s
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/SkillsGUI.java:22:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/SkillsGUI.java:24:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/SkillsGUI.java:34:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/SkillsGUI.java:44:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/SpellbookGUI.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/SpellbookGUI.java:11:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/SpellbookGUI.java:12:	Parameter 'pPlayer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/SpellbookGUI.java:12:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/SpellbookGUI.java:18:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/SpellbookGUI.java:26:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/SpellbookPageGUI.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/SpellbookPageGUI.java:16:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/SpellbookPageGUI.java:17:	Parameter 'pPlayer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/SpellbookPageGUI.java:17:	Parameter 'page' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/SpellbookPageGUI.java:17:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/SpellbookPageGUI.java:31:	Avoid variables with short names like s
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/SpellbookPageGUI.java:32:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/SpellbookPageGUI.java:34:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/SpellbookPageGUI.java:52:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/StoreGUI.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/StoreGUI.java:14:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/StoreGUI.java:15:	Parameter 'pPlayer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/StoreGUI.java:15:	Parameter 'store' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/StoreGUI.java:15:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/StoreGUI.java:19:	Avoid variables with short names like si
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/StoreGUI.java:22:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/InventoryGUI/StoreGUI.java:37:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Managers.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Managers.java:14:	An Interface should be used only to model a behaviour; consider converting this to a class.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Managers.java:14:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Managers.java:16:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Managers.java:16:	Avoid variables with short names like pm
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Managers.java:16:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'pm' is not all capitals.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Managers.java:16:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Managers.java:17:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Managers.java:17:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'ptm' is not all capitals.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Managers.java:17:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Managers.java:18:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Managers.java:18:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'crm' is not all capitals.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Managers.java:18:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Managers.java:19:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Managers.java:19:	Avoid variables with short names like cm
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Managers.java:19:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'cm' is not all capitals.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Managers.java:19:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Managers.java:20:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Managers.java:20:	Avoid variables with short names like nm
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Managers.java:20:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'nm' is not all capitals.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Managers.java:20:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Managers.java:21:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Managers.java:21:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'partym' is not all capitals.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Managers.java:21:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Managers.java:22:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Managers.java:22:	Avoid variables with short names like sm
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Managers.java:22:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'sm' is not all capitals.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Managers.java:22:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Managers.java:23:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Managers.java:23:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'storem' is not all capitals.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Managers.java:23:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Managers.java:24:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Managers.java:24:	Avoid variables with short names like tm
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Managers.java:24:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'tm' is not all capitals.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Managers.java:24:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Managers.java:25:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Managers.java:25:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'cfm' is not all capitals.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Managers.java:25:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/Bank.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/Bank.java:18:	Avoid short class names like Bank
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/Bank.java:18:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/Bank.java:20:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/Bank.java:22:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/Bank.java:23:	Overridable method 'setInventory' called during object construction
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/Bank.java:26:	Parameter 'large' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/Bank.java:26:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/Bank.java:29:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/Bank.java:29:	Overridable method 'setInventory' called during object construction
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/Bank.java:31:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/Bank.java:31:	Overridable method 'setInventory' called during object construction
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/Bank.java:36:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/Bank.java:37:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/Bank.java:37:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/Bank.java:41:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/Bank.java:45:	Parameter 'contents' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/Bank.java:45:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/Bank.java:47:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/Bank.java:48:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/Bank.java:50:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/Bank.java:54:	Parameter 'inventory' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/Bank.java:54:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/OfflineMessage.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/OfflineMessage.java:17:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/OfflineMessage.java:22:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/OfflineMessage.java:22:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/OfflineMessage.java:24:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/OfflineMessage.java:25:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/OfflineMessage.java:26:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/OfflineMessage.java:28:	Document empty constructor
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/OfflineMessage.java:28:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/OfflineMessage.java:32:	Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/OfflineMessage.java:32:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/OfflineMessage.java:32:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/OfflineMessage.java:35:	Overridable method 'insert' called during object construction
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/OfflineMessage.java:38:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/OfflineMessage.java:39:	Avoid variables with short names like s
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/OfflineMessage.java:41:	Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/OfflineMessage.java:41:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/OfflineMessage.java:42:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/OfflineMessage.java:43:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/OfflineMessage.java:44:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/OfflineMessage.java:45:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/OfflineMessage.java:46:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/OfflineMessage.java:47:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/OfflineMessage.java:48:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/OfflineMessage.java:49:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/OfflineMessage.java:53:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/OfflineMessage.java:57:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/OfflineMessage.java:61:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/OfflineMessage.java:65:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/OfflineMessage.java:66:	Avoid variables with short names like s
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/OfflineMessage.java:68:	Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/OfflineMessage.java:68:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/OfflineMessage.java:69:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/OfflineMessage.java:70:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/OfflineMessage.java:71:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/OfflineMessage.java:72:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/OfflineMessage.java:73:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/OfflineMessage.java:74:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/OfflineMessage.java:75:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/OfflineMessage.java:79:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/OfflineMessage.java:83:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/OfflineMessage.java:84:	Avoid variables with short names like s
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/OfflineMessage.java:86:	Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/OfflineMessage.java:86:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/OfflineMessage.java:87:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/OfflineMessage.java:88:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/OfflineMessage.java:89:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/OfflineMessage.java:90:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/OfflineMessage.java:91:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/OfflineMessage.java:92:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/OfflineMessage.java:93:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/OfflineMessage.java:97:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/OfflineMessage.java:97:	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/OfflineMessage.java:97:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/OfflineMessage.java:101:	Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/OfflineMessage.java:101:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/OfflineMessage.java:105:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/OfflineMessage.java:105:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/OfflineMessage.java:109:	Parameter 'seen' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/OfflineMessage.java:109:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:1:	A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:1:	High amount of different objects as members denotes a high coupling
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:1:	Possible God class (WMC=154, ATFD=30, TCC=7.867820613690008E-4)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:1:	This class has a bunch of public methods and attributes
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:50:	This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:50:	Too many fields
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:52:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:53:	Avoid variables with short names like cm
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:53:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:53:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:58:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:58:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:61:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:62:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'money'
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:62:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:63:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'murderCounts'
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:63:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:64:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:65:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'criminal'
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:65:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:66:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:67:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:68:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'subscribeDays'
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:68:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:69:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'wasSubscribed'
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:69:	Field wasSubscribed has the same name as a method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:69:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:69:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:70:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'plotCreatePoints'
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:70:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:72:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'testPlot'
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:72:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:74:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:75:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:76:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:77:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:79:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'party'
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:79:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:82:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:83:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'currentBuild'
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:83:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:84:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'pvpTicks'
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:84:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:85:	Avoid excessively long variable names like engageInCombatTicks
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:85:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'engageInCombatTicks'
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:85:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:87:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:91:	Avoid excessively long variable names like disabledChatChannels
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:91:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:93:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'lastResiver'
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:93:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:96:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:96:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:97:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:97:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:99:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'update'
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:99:	Field update has the same name as a method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:99:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:101:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:103:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:105:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'meditating'
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:105:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:107:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'resting'
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:107:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:108:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:109:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:110:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:112:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'dieLog'
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:112:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:114:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'friendlyFire'
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:114:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:116:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:117:	Field isPrivate has the same name as a method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:117:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:117:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:119:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'isClaming'
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:119:	Field isClaming has the same name as a method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:119:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:119:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:121:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'gui'
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:121:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:122:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:126:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:130:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:133:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'promptedSpell'
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:133:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:135:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:137:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:139:	Document empty constructor
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:139:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:143:	Parameter 'playerUUID' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:143:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:149:	Parameter 'money' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:149:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:151:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:156:	Parameter 'murderCounts' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:156:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:158:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:163:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'rA' (lines '163'-'166').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:163:	Parameter 'recentAttacker' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:163:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:164:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'found' (lines '164'-'168').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:165:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:166:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:166:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:167:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:171:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:175:	Parameter 'scroll' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:175:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:179:	Parameter 'scroll' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:179:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:184:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:188:	Parameter 'channel' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:188:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:192:	Parameter 'channel' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:192:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:196:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:200:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:204:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:208:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'c' (lines '208'-'210').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:208:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:209:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:210:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:210:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:211:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:215:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:216:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:217:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:218:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:218:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:221:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:225:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:229:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:233:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:234:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:235:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:239:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:243:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:247:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:251:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:252:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:255:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:259:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:263:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:267:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:271:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:275:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:279:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:283:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:287:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:291:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:295:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:299:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:303:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:304:	Avoid variables with short names like s
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:307:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:307:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:307:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:307:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:308:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:309:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:310:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:311:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:312:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:313:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:318:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:319:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:322:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:326:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:327:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:330:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:334:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:338:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:342:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:346:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:350:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:354:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:358:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:362:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:366:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:370:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:374:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:374:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:378:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:380:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:380:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:380:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:382:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:382:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:385:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:389:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:393:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:397:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:401:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:405:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:409:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:410:	Avoid variables with short names like s
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:412:	Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:412:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:413:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:414:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:415:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:416:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:417:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:418:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:419:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:423:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:427:	Parameter 'channel' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:427:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:431:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:435:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:439:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:443:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:447:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:451:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:455:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:459:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:463:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:467:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:471:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:475:	Parameter 'scroll' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:475:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:479:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:480:	Avoid variables with short names like s
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:482:	Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:482:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:483:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:484:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:485:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:486:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:487:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:488:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:489:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:493:	Parameter 'allowGui' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:493:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:498:	Parameter 'bank' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:498:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:502:	Parameter 'builds' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:502:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:506:	Parameter 'chatChannel' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:506:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:511:	Parameter 'isClaming' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:511:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:515:	Parameter 'criminal' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:515:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:517:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:519:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:519:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:522:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:527:	Parameter 'build' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:527:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:531:	Parameter 'currentBuild' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:531:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:533:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:538:	Parameter 'currenttitle' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:538:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:543:	Parameter 'dieLog' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:543:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:547:	Avoid excessively long variable names like disabledChatChannels
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:547:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:547:	Parameter 'disabledChatChannels' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:547:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:551:	Avoid excessively long variable names like engageInCombatTicks
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:551:	Parameter 'engageInCombatTicks' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:551:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:555:	Parameter 'freeSkillPoints' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:555:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:560:	Parameter 'friendlyFire' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:560:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:564:	Parameter 'global' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:564:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:569:	Parameter 'gui' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:569:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:573:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:573:	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:573:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:577:	Parameter 'ignored' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:577:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:581:	Parameter 'lastResiver' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:581:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:585:	Parameter 'mana' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:585:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:587:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:591:	Parameter 'maxMana' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:591:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:595:	Parameter 'maxStamina' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:595:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:599:	Parameter 'meditating' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:599:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:603:	Parameter 'money' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:603:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:605:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:610:	Parameter 'murderCounts' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:610:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:614:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:615:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:621:	Parameter 'party' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:621:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:625:	Parameter 'playerUUID' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:625:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:630:	Parameter 'plotCreatePoints' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:630:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:635:	Parameter 'isPrivate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:635:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:639:	Parameter 'privateChat' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:639:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:644:	Parameter 'promptedSpell' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:644:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:648:	Parameter 'pvpTicks' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:648:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:652:	Parameter 'rank' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:652:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:654:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:659:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:659:	Parameter 'recentAttackers' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:659:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:663:	Parameter 'reputation' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:663:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:667:	Parameter 'resting' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:667:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:671:	Parameter 'runebook' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:671:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:675:	Parameter 'scoreboard' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:675:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:679:	Parameter 'scrolls' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:679:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:683:	Parameter 'spellbook' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:683:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:687:	Parameter 'stamina' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:687:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:689:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:693:	Parameter 'subscribe' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:693:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:698:	Parameter 'testPlot' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:698:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:702:	Parameter 'timer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:702:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:706:	Parameter 'titels' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:706:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:711:	Parameter 'update' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:711:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:715:	Parameter 'wasSubscribed' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:715:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:720:	Parameter 'money' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:720:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:722:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:727:	Parameter 'murderCounts' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:727:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:729:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:734:	Parameter 'delta' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:734:	Parameter 'tick' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:734:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:738:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayer.java:742:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayerTimer.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayerTimer.java:13:	The class 'PseudoPlayerTimer' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 15).
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayerTimer.java:13:	The class 'PseudoPlayerTimer' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 14).
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayerTimer.java:13:	The class 'PseudoPlayerTimer' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 14).
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayerTimer.java:13:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayerTimer.java:15:	Avoid excessively long variable names like recentlyTeleportedTicks
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayerTimer.java:15:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayerTimer.java:15:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayerTimer.java:17:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayerTimer.java:20:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'bleedTick'
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayerTimer.java:20:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayerTimer.java:20:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayerTimer.java:21:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'stunTick'
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayerTimer.java:21:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayerTimer.java:21:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayerTimer.java:23:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'lastDeath'
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayerTimer.java:23:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayerTimer.java:23:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayerTimer.java:24:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'goToSpawnTicks'
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayerTimer.java:24:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayerTimer.java:24:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayerTimer.java:26:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'spawnTicks'
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayerTimer.java:26:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayerTimer.java:26:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayerTimer.java:28:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'cantCastTicks'
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayerTimer.java:28:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayerTimer.java:28:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayerTimer.java:30:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'delayedSpell'
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayerTimer.java:30:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayerTimer.java:30:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayerTimer.java:32:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'chronoport'
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayerTimer.java:32:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayerTimer.java:32:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayerTimer.java:34:	Parameter 'pPlayer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayerTimer.java:34:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayerTimer.java:41:	Avoid variables with short names like p
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayerTimer.java:45:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayerTimer.java:48:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayerTimer.java:49:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayerTimer.java:49:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayerTimer.java:51:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayerTimer.java:53:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayerTimer.java:58:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayerTimer.java:62:	Avoid variables with short names like ms
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayerTimer.java:62:	Parameter 'ms' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayerTimer.java:62:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayerTimer.java:66:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'ra' (lines '66'-'68').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayerTimer.java:67:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayerTimer.java:69:	Avoid variables with short names like ra
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayerTimer.java:72:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayerTimer.java:72:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayerTimer.java:81:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayerTimer.java:81:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayerTimer.java:81:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayerTimer.java:82:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayerTimer.java:82:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayerTimer.java:82:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayerTimer.java:86:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayerTimer.java:86:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayerTimer.java:86:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayerTimer.java:87:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayerTimer.java:90:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayerTimer.java:95:	Parameter 'delta' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayerTimer.java:95:	Parameter 'tick' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayerTimer.java:95:	The method 'tick' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 15.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayerTimer.java:95:	The method 'tick' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 14.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayerTimer.java:95:	The method 'tick' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 14.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayerTimer.java:95:	The method tick() has an NPath complexity of 9216
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayerTimer.java:95:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayerTimer.java:96:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayerTimer.java:105:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayerTimer.java:108:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayerTimer.java:112:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayerTimer.java:115:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayerTimer.java:117:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayerTimer.java:119:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayerTimer.java:121:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayerTimer.java:123:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayerTimer.java:125:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayerTimer.java:130:	Parameter 'delta' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayerTimer.java:132:	Avoid excessively long variable names like manaRegenMultiplier
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayerTimer.java:132:	Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayerTimer.java:134:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayerTimer.java:136:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayerTimer.java:139:	An empty statement (semicolon) not part of a loop
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayerTimer.java:139:	An empty statement (semicolon) not part of a loop
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayerTimer.java:141:	Avoid variables with short names like p
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayerTimer.java:142:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayerTimer.java:148:	Parameter 'delta' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayerTimer.java:150:	Avoid excessively long variable names like staminaRegenMultiplier
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayerTimer.java:150:	Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayerTimer.java:152:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayerTimer.java:154:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayerTimer.java:157:	An empty statement (semicolon) not part of a loop
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayerTimer.java:157:	An empty statement (semicolon) not part of a loop
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayerTimer.java:159:	Avoid variables with short names like p
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoPlayerTimer.java:160:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoScoreboard.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoScoreboard.java:17:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoScoreboard.java:19:	Avoid variables with short names like pm
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoScoreboard.java:19:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoScoreboard.java:19:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoScoreboard.java:21:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoScoreboard.java:23:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoScoreboard.java:23:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoScoreboard.java:25:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoScoreboard.java:27:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoScoreboard.java:27:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoScoreboard.java:28:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoScoreboard.java:28:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoScoreboard.java:29:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoScoreboard.java:29:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoScoreboard.java:31:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoScoreboard.java:31:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoScoreboard.java:33:	Avoid variables with short names like gc
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoScoreboard.java:33:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoScoreboard.java:33:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoScoreboard.java:34:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoScoreboard.java:34:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoScoreboard.java:35:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoScoreboard.java:35:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoScoreboard.java:36:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoScoreboard.java:36:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoScoreboard.java:37:	Avoid variables with short names like mc
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoScoreboard.java:37:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoScoreboard.java:37:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoScoreboard.java:38:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoScoreboard.java:38:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoScoreboard.java:41:	Parameter 'uuid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoScoreboard.java:41:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoScoreboard.java:46:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoScoreboard.java:68:	Do not add empty strings
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoScoreboard.java:69:	Do not add empty strings
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoScoreboard.java:70:	Do not add empty strings
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoScoreboard.java:83:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoScoreboard.java:85:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoScoreboard.java:87:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoScoreboard.java:89:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoScoreboard.java:92:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoScoreboard.java:94:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoScoreboard.java:99:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoScoreboard.java:103:	Parameter 'playerUUID' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoScoreboard.java:103:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoScoreboard.java:107:	Parameter 'build' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoScoreboard.java:107:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoScoreboard.java:111:	Parameter 'mana' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoScoreboard.java:111:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoScoreboard.java:115:	Parameter 'money' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoScoreboard.java:115:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoScoreboard.java:119:	Parameter 'murderCounts' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoScoreboard.java:119:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoScoreboard.java:123:	Parameter 'rank' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoScoreboard.java:123:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoScoreboard.java:127:	Parameter 'stamina' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoScoreboard.java:127:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoScoreboard.java:132:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'pP' (lines '132'-'137').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoScoreboard.java:132:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoScoreboard.java:133:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoScoreboard.java:134:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'player' (lines '134'-'147').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoScoreboard.java:134:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoScoreboard.java:135:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoScoreboard.java:136:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoScoreboard.java:137:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoScoreboard.java:138:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoScoreboard.java:138:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoScoreboard.java:139:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoScoreboard.java:140:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoScoreboard.java:141:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoScoreboard.java:142:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoScoreboard.java:142:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoScoreboard.java:144:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoScoreboard.java:144:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoScoreboard.java:145:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoScoreboard.java:146:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/PseudoScoreboard.java:146:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/Reputation.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/Reputation.java:10:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/Reputation.java:12:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/Reputation.java:13:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/Reputation.java:14:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'tradeing'
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/Reputation.java:14:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/Reputation.java:15:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'bounty'
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/Reputation.java:15:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/Reputation.java:17:	Parameter 'bounty' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/Reputation.java:17:	Parameter 'criminal' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/Reputation.java:17:	Parameter 'murder' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/Reputation.java:17:	Parameter 'tradeing' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/Reputation.java:17:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/Reputation.java:25:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/Reputation.java:29:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/Reputation.java:33:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/Reputation.java:37:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/Reputation.java:44:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/Reputation.java:53:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/Reputation.java:57:	Parameter 'bounty' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/Reputation.java:57:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/Reputation.java:61:	Parameter 'criminal' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/Reputation.java:61:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/Reputation.java:65:	Parameter 'murder' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/Reputation.java:65:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/Reputation.java:69:	Parameter 'tradeing' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/Reputation.java:69:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/Rune.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/Rune.java:14:	Avoid short class names like Rune
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/Rune.java:14:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/Rune.java:16:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/Rune.java:16:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/Rune.java:17:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/Rune.java:18:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/Rune.java:20:	Document empty constructor
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/Rune.java:20:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/Rune.java:24:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/Rune.java:24:	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/Rune.java:24:	Parameter 'location' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/Rune.java:24:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/Rune.java:24:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/Rune.java:31:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/Rune.java:35:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/Rune.java:40:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/Rune.java:44:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/Rune.java:48:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/Rune.java:48:	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/Rune.java:48:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/Rune.java:52:	Parameter 'label' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/Rune.java:52:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/Rune.java:56:	Parameter 'location' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/Rune.java:56:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/Rune.java:60:	Parameter 'savableLocation' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/Rune.java:60:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/Runebook.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/Runebook.java:17:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/Runebook.java:23:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/Runebook.java:25:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/Runebook.java:29:	Parameter 'rune' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/Runebook.java:29:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/Runebook.java:33:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/Runebook.java:37:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'r' (lines '37'-'39').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/Runebook.java:37:	Parameter 'runeLabel' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/Runebook.java:37:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/Runebook.java:38:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/Runebook.java:39:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/Runebook.java:39:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/Runebook.java:40:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/Runebook.java:44:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/Runebook.java:48:	Parameter 'rune' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/Runebook.java:48:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/SpellBook.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/SpellBook.java:26:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/SpellBook.java:26:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/SpellBook.java:28:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/SpellBook.java:29:	Avoid variables with short names like sm
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/SpellBook.java:29:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/SpellBook.java:36:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/SpellBook.java:38:	Parameter 'spell' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/SpellBook.java:38:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/SpellBook.java:39:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/SpellBook.java:43:	Parameter 'spellType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/SpellBook.java:43:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/SpellBook.java:47:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/SpellBook.java:51:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/SpellBook.java:51:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'scroll' (lines '51'-'54').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/SpellBook.java:51:	Parameter 'pageNumber' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/SpellBook.java:51:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/SpellBook.java:53:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Player/SpellBook.java:54:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Capturepoint.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Capturepoint.java:5:	enumCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Capturepoint.java:9:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'cp' (lines '9'-'11').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Capturepoint.java:9:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Capturepoint.java:9:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Capturepoint.java:10:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Capturepoint.java:11:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Capturepoint.java:11:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Capturepoint.java:12:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Capturepoint.java:16:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'pc' (lines '16'-'18').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Capturepoint.java:16:	Parameter 'plot' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Capturepoint.java:16:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Capturepoint.java:17:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Capturepoint.java:18:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Capturepoint.java:18:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Capturepoint.java:19:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Capturepoint.java:23:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Capturepoint.java:23:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Capturepoint.java:25:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Capturepoint.java:25:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Capturepoint.java:27:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Capturepoint.java:27:	Parameter 'point' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Capturepoint.java:31:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Capturepoint.java:35:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:1:	A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:1:	Possible God class (WMC=116, ATFD=38, TCC=0.002456140350877193)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:1:	This class has a bunch of public methods and attributes
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:45:	Avoid short class names like Plot
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:45:	This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:45:	Too many fields
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:47:	enumCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:52:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'upgrade' (lines '52'-'54').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:52:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:52:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:53:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:54:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:55:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:59:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:59:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:61:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:61:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:63:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:63:	Parameter 'price' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:68:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:72:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:76:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:76:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:80:	Parameter 'price' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:80:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:86:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:86:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:87:	Avoid variables with short names like pm
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:87:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:87:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:90:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:93:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:93:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:94:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:95:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'money'
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:95:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:96:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'salePrice'
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:96:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:99:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:100:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:102:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:105:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:105:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:107:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'allowExplosions'
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:107:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:108:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:109:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'friendBuild'
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:109:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:110:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'update'
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:110:	Field update has the same name as a method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:110:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:111:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'titleEntrence'
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:111:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:113:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:116:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:119:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:122:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:123:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:125:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'capturepointData'
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:125:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:127:	Document empty constructor
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:127:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:131:	Parameter 'location' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:131:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:131:	Parameter 'owner' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:131:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:139:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:139:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:145:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:145:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:150:	Parameter 'money' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:150:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:155:	Parameter 'upgrade' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:155:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:160:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:161:	Avoid variables with short names like s
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:163:	Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:163:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:164:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:165:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:166:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:167:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:168:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:169:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:170:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:171:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:175:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'npc' (lines '175'-'179').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:175:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:176:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:176:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:178:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:182:	Parameter 'size' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:182:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:187:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:188:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:197:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:207:	Parameter 'toSize' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:209:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:209:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:209:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:216:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:223:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:228:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:233:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:237:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:242:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:249:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:254:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:259:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:259:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:265:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:269:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:273:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:278:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:286:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:291:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:292:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:293:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:295:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:297:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:299:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:302:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:303:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:307:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:308:	Avoid variables with short names like s
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:310:	Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:310:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:311:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:312:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:313:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:314:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:315:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:316:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:317:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:322:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:322:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:327:	Parameter 'uuid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:327:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:328:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:329:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:329:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:329:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:330:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:332:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:336:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:336:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:341:	Parameter 'uuid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:341:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:342:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:343:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:344:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:345:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:345:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:345:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:346:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:350:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:354:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:358:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:363:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:369:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:369:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:374:	Parameter 'uuid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:374:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:379:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:379:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:384:	Parameter 'uuid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:384:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:389:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:394:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:394:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:399:	Parameter 'uuid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:399:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:403:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:408:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:408:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:413:	Parameter 'uuid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:413:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:418:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:418:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:423:	Parameter 'uuid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:423:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:424:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:427:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:431:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:435:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:440:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:445:	Parameter 'upgrade' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:445:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:449:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:449:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:454:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:454:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:459:	Parameter 'upgrade' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:459:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:464:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:465:	Avoid variables with short names like s
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:467:	Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:467:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:468:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:469:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:470:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:471:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:472:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:473:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:474:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:478:	Parameter 'allowExplosions' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:478:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:483:	Parameter 'allowMagic' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:483:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:488:	Parameter 'allowPvp' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:488:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:493:	Parameter 'isCapturepoint' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:493:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:497:	Parameter 'capturepoint' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:497:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:501:	Parameter 'coowners' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:501:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:505:	Parameter 'friendBuild' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:505:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:510:	Parameter 'friends' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:510:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:514:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:514:	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:514:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:518:	Parameter 'location' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:518:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:523:	Parameter 'money' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:523:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:528:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:528:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:533:	Parameter 'npcs' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:533:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:537:	Parameter 'owner' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:537:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:542:	Parameter 'privatePlot' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:542:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:547:	Parameter 'protection' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:547:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:552:	Parameter 'salePrice' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:552:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:557:	Parameter 'savableLocation' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:557:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:561:	Parameter 'size' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:561:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:566:	Parameter 'titleEntrence' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:566:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:571:	Parameter 'update' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:571:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:575:	Parameter 'upgrades' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:575:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:579:	Parameter 'size' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:579:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:584:	Parameter 'money' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:584:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/Plot.java:589:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/PlotCapturePoint.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/PlotCapturePoint.java:1:	Possible God class (WMC=53, ATFD=31, TCC=0.0)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/PlotCapturePoint.java:32:	The class 'PlotCapturePoint' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 2 (Highest = 14).
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/PlotCapturePoint.java:32:	The class 'PlotCapturePoint' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 2 (Highest = 14).
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/PlotCapturePoint.java:32:	The class 'PlotCapturePoint' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 2 (Highest = 14).
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/PlotCapturePoint.java:32:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/PlotCapturePoint.java:34:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/PlotCapturePoint.java:35:	Avoid variables with short names like cm
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/PlotCapturePoint.java:35:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/PlotCapturePoint.java:38:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'capturePoint'
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/PlotCapturePoint.java:38:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/PlotCapturePoint.java:41:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'owningClan'
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/PlotCapturePoint.java:41:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/PlotCapturePoint.java:42:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'lastCaptureDate'
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/PlotCapturePoint.java:42:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/PlotCapturePoint.java:44:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'capturingPlayer'
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/PlotCapturePoint.java:44:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/PlotCapturePoint.java:46:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'capturingClan'
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/PlotCapturePoint.java:46:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/PlotCapturePoint.java:48:	Avoid excessively long variable names like recentCaptureFails
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/PlotCapturePoint.java:48:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/PlotCapturePoint.java:50:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'claimSecRemaining'
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/PlotCapturePoint.java:50:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/PlotCapturePoint.java:52:	Avoid excessively long variable names like timeoutSecRemaining
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/PlotCapturePoint.java:52:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'timeoutSecRemaining'
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/PlotCapturePoint.java:52:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/PlotCapturePoint.java:54:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'refractoryPeriod'
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/PlotCapturePoint.java:54:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/PlotCapturePoint.java:56:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'capturedRecently'
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/PlotCapturePoint.java:56:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/PlotCapturePoint.java:58:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'recentClaims'
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/PlotCapturePoint.java:58:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/PlotCapturePoint.java:60:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/PlotCapturePoint.java:62:	Document empty constructor
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/PlotCapturePoint.java:62:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/PlotCapturePoint.java:66:	Parameter 'plot' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/PlotCapturePoint.java:66:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/PlotCapturePoint.java:70:	Parameter 'clan' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/PlotCapturePoint.java:70:	Parameter 'pPlayer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/PlotCapturePoint.java:70:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/PlotCapturePoint.java:70:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/PlotCapturePoint.java:72:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/PlotCapturePoint.java:72:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/PlotCapturePoint.java:74:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/PlotCapturePoint.java:77:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/PlotCapturePoint.java:77:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/PlotCapturePoint.java:88:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/PlotCapturePoint.java:93:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/PlotCapturePoint.java:93:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/PlotCapturePoint.java:98:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/PlotCapturePoint.java:98:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/PlotCapturePoint.java:99:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/PlotCapturePoint.java:100:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/PlotCapturePoint.java:101:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/PlotCapturePoint.java:103:	Avoid excessively long variable names like capturingPseudoPlayer
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/PlotCapturePoint.java:103:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/PlotCapturePoint.java:104:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/PlotCapturePoint.java:105:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/PlotCapturePoint.java:106:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/PlotCapturePoint.java:114:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/PlotCapturePoint.java:117:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/PlotCapturePoint.java:117:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/PlotCapturePoint.java:118:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/PlotCapturePoint.java:119:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/PlotCapturePoint.java:120:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/PlotCapturePoint.java:122:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/PlotCapturePoint.java:123:	Avoid excessively long variable names like capturingPseudoPlayer
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/PlotCapturePoint.java:123:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/PlotCapturePoint.java:124:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/PlotCapturePoint.java:125:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/PlotCapturePoint.java:133:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/PlotCapturePoint.java:136:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/PlotCapturePoint.java:140:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/PlotCapturePoint.java:144:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/PlotCapturePoint.java:148:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/PlotCapturePoint.java:152:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/PlotCapturePoint.java:156:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/PlotCapturePoint.java:160:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/PlotCapturePoint.java:164:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/PlotCapturePoint.java:168:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/PlotCapturePoint.java:172:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/PlotCapturePoint.java:176:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/PlotCapturePoint.java:180:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/PlotCapturePoint.java:184:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/PlotCapturePoint.java:188:	Parameter 'capturedRecently' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/PlotCapturePoint.java:188:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/PlotCapturePoint.java:192:	Parameter 'capturePoint' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/PlotCapturePoint.java:192:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/PlotCapturePoint.java:196:	Parameter 'capturingClan' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/PlotCapturePoint.java:196:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/PlotCapturePoint.java:200:	Parameter 'capturingPlayer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/PlotCapturePoint.java:200:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/PlotCapturePoint.java:204:	Parameter 'claimSecRemaining' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/PlotCapturePoint.java:204:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/PlotCapturePoint.java:208:	Parameter 'lastCaptureDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/PlotCapturePoint.java:208:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/PlotCapturePoint.java:212:	Parameter 'owningClan' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/PlotCapturePoint.java:212:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/PlotCapturePoint.java:217:	Parameter 'plot' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/PlotCapturePoint.java:217:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/PlotCapturePoint.java:221:	Avoid excessively long variable names like recentCaptureFails
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/PlotCapturePoint.java:221:	Parameter 'recentCaptureFails' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/PlotCapturePoint.java:221:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/PlotCapturePoint.java:225:	Parameter 'recentClaims' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/PlotCapturePoint.java:225:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/PlotCapturePoint.java:229:	Parameter 'refractoryPeriod' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/PlotCapturePoint.java:229:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/PlotCapturePoint.java:233:	Avoid excessively long variable names like timeoutSecRemaining
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/PlotCapturePoint.java:233:	Parameter 'timeoutSecRemaining' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/PlotCapturePoint.java:233:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/PlotCapturePoint.java:237:	Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'delta'
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/PlotCapturePoint.java:237:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'p' (lines '237'-'244').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/PlotCapturePoint.java:237:	The method 'tick' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 14.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/PlotCapturePoint.java:237:	The method 'tick' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 14.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/PlotCapturePoint.java:237:	The method 'tick' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 14.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/PlotCapturePoint.java:237:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/PlotCapturePoint.java:243:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/PlotCapturePoint.java:244:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/PlotCapturePoint.java:244:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/PlotCapturePoint.java:244:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/PlotCapturePoint.java:252:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/PlotCapturePoint.java:259:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/PlotCapturePoint.java:261:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/PlotCapturePoint.java:262:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/PlotCapturePoint.java:263:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/PlotCapturePoint.java:263:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/PlotCapturePoint.java:263:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/PlotCapturePoint.java:263:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/PlotCapturePoint.java:263:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/PlotCapturePoint.java:267:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'ocapturingPlayer' (lines '267'-'307').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/PlotCapturePoint.java:267:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/PlotCapturePoint.java:268:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/PlotCapturePoint.java:270:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/PlotCapturePoint.java:278:	Avoid excessively long variable names like capturingPseudoPlayer
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/PlotCapturePoint.java:278:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/PlotCapturePoint.java:280:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/PlotCapturePoint.java:285:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/PlotCapturePoint.java:287:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'timesLeft' (lines '287'-'307').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/PlotCapturePoint.java:288:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/PlotCapturePoint.java:293:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/PlotCapturePoint.java:298:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'ocapturingPlayer' (lines '298'-'307').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/PlotCapturePoint.java:298:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/PlotCapturePoint.java:300:	Avoid excessively long variable names like capturingPseudoPlayer
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/PlotCapturePoint.java:300:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Plot/PlotCapturePoint.java:302:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Recent/RecentAttacker.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Recent/RecentAttacker.java:5:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Recent/RecentAttacker.java:6:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Recent/RecentAttacker.java:6:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Recent/RecentAttacker.java:7:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Recent/RecentAttacker.java:7:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Recent/RecentAttacker.java:8:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Recent/RecentAttacker.java:8:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Recent/RecentAttacker.java:9:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'isDead'
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Recent/RecentAttacker.java:9:	Field isDead has the same name as a method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Recent/RecentAttacker.java:9:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Recent/RecentAttacker.java:9:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Recent/RecentAttacker.java:10:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'notCrim'
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Recent/RecentAttacker.java:10:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Recent/RecentAttacker.java:12:	Parameter 'murdererName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Recent/RecentAttacker.java:12:	Parameter 'ticksRemaining' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Recent/RecentAttacker.java:12:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Recent/RecentAttacker.java:18:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Recent/RecentAttacker.java:22:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Recent/RecentAttacker.java:26:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Recent/RecentAttacker.java:30:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Recent/RecentAttacker.java:34:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Recent/RecentAttacker.java:38:	Parameter 'notCrim' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Recent/RecentAttacker.java:38:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Recent/RecentAttacker.java:42:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Recent/RecentAttacker.java:45:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Recent/RecentDeath.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Recent/RecentDeath.java:5:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Recent/RecentDeath.java:6:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Recent/RecentDeath.java:7:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Recent/RecentDeath.java:8:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Recent/RecentDeath.java:10:	Parameter 'entity' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Recent/RecentDeath.java:10:	Parameter 'ticksRemaining' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Recent/RecentDeath.java:10:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Recent/RecentDeath.java:16:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Recent/RecentDeath.java:20:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Recent/RecentDeath.java:24:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Recent/RecentDeath.java:28:	Parameter 'originalTicks' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Recent/RecentDeath.java:28:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Store/Store.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Store/Store.java:22:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Store/Store.java:22:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Store/Store.java:27:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Store/Store.java:27:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Store/Store.java:30:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Store/Store.java:32:	Parameter 'item' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Store/Store.java:32:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Store/Store.java:36:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Store/Store.java:37:	Avoid variables with short names like s
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Store/Store.java:39:	Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Store/Store.java:39:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Store/Store.java:40:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Store/Store.java:41:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Store/Store.java:42:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Store/Store.java:43:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Store/Store.java:44:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Store/Store.java:45:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Store/Store.java:46:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Store/Store.java:47:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Store/Store.java:51:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Store/Store.java:52:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Store/Store.java:52:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Store/Store.java:52:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Store/Store.java:55:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Store/Store.java:59:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Store/Store.java:63:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'item' (lines '63'-'66').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Store/Store.java:63:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Store/Store.java:64:	Avoid variables with short names like rs
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Store/Store.java:65:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Store/Store.java:66:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Store/Store.java:71:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'item' (lines '71'-'74').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Store/Store.java:71:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Store/Store.java:72:	Avoid variables with short names like rs
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Store/Store.java:73:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Store/Store.java:74:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Store/Store.java:79:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'si' (lines '79'-'81').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Store/Store.java:79:	Parameter 'item' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Store/Store.java:79:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Store/Store.java:80:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Store/Store.java:81:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Store/Store.java:82:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Store/Store.java:86:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Store/Store.java:87:	Avoid variables with short names like s
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Store/Store.java:89:	Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Store/Store.java:89:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Store/Store.java:90:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Store/Store.java:91:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Store/Store.java:92:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Store/Store.java:93:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Store/Store.java:94:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Store/Store.java:95:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Store/Store.java:96:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Store/Store.java:100:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'si' (lines '100'-'102').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Store/Store.java:100:	Parameter 'item' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Store/Store.java:100:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Store/Store.java:101:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Store/Store.java:102:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Store/Store.java:103:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Store/Store.java:107:	Parameter 'storeItem' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Store/Store.java:107:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Store/Store.java:111:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Store/Store.java:112:	Avoid variables with short names like s
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Store/Store.java:114:	Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Store/Store.java:114:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Store/Store.java:115:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Store/Store.java:116:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Store/Store.java:117:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Store/Store.java:118:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Store/Store.java:119:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Store/Store.java:120:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Store/Store.java:121:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Store/Store.java:125:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Store/Store.java:125:	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Store/Store.java:125:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Store/Store.java:129:	Parameter 'items' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Store/Store.java:129:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Store/StoreItem.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Store/StoreItem.java:15:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Store/StoreItem.java:18:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Store/StoreItem.java:19:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'salePrice'
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Store/StoreItem.java:19:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Store/StoreItem.java:20:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'buyPrice'
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Store/StoreItem.java:20:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Store/StoreItem.java:22:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'stock'
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Store/StoreItem.java:22:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Store/StoreItem.java:25:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'maxBuyAmount'
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Store/StoreItem.java:25:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Store/StoreItem.java:27:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'autoResotck'
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Store/StoreItem.java:27:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Store/StoreItem.java:28:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'restockTime'
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Store/StoreItem.java:28:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Store/StoreItem.java:30:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'restockAmount'
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Store/StoreItem.java:30:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Store/StoreItem.java:32:	Document empty constructor
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Store/StoreItem.java:32:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Store/StoreItem.java:36:	Parameter 'buyPrice' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Store/StoreItem.java:36:	Parameter 'item' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Store/StoreItem.java:36:	Parameter 'maxBuyAmount' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Store/StoreItem.java:36:	Parameter 'salePrice' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Store/StoreItem.java:36:	Parameter 'stock' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Store/StoreItem.java:36:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Store/StoreItem.java:44:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Store/StoreItem.java:49:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Store/StoreItem.java:53:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Store/StoreItem.java:57:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Store/StoreItem.java:61:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Store/StoreItem.java:65:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Store/StoreItem.java:70:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Store/StoreItem.java:71:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Store/StoreItem.java:74:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Store/StoreItem.java:78:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Store/StoreItem.java:82:	Parameter 'autoResotck' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Store/StoreItem.java:82:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Store/StoreItem.java:86:	Parameter 'buyPrice' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Store/StoreItem.java:86:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Store/StoreItem.java:90:	Parameter 'item' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Store/StoreItem.java:90:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Store/StoreItem.java:94:	Parameter 'maxBuyAmount' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Store/StoreItem.java:94:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Store/StoreItem.java:98:	Parameter 'restockAmount' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Store/StoreItem.java:98:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Store/StoreItem.java:102:	Parameter 'restockTime' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Store/StoreItem.java:102:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Store/StoreItem.java:106:	Parameter 'price' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Store/StoreItem.java:106:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Store/StoreItem.java:110:	Parameter 'item' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Store/StoreItem.java:110:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Store/StoreItem.java:114:	Parameter 'stock' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Objects/Store/StoreItem.java:114:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/ArcherySkill.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/ArcherySkill.java:20:	The class 'ArcherySkill' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 14).
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/ArcherySkill.java:20:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/ArcherySkill.java:22:	Method names should not start with capital letters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/ArcherySkill.java:22:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/ArcherySkill.java:22:	The method 'EntityDamageByEntityEvent' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 14.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/ArcherySkill.java:22:	The method EntityDamageByEntityEvent() has an NPath complexity of 448
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/ArcherySkill.java:22:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/ArcherySkill.java:23:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/ArcherySkill.java:24:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/ArcherySkill.java:25:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/ArcherySkill.java:26:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/ArcherySkill.java:28:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/ArcherySkill.java:28:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/ArcherySkill.java:28:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/ArcherySkill.java:31:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/ArcherySkill.java:36:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/ArcherySkill.java:36:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/ArcherySkill.java:37:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/ArcherySkill.java:39:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'damage' (lines '39'-'63').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/ArcherySkill.java:39:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/ArcherySkill.java:41:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/ArcherySkill.java:45:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'health' (lines '45'-'46').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/ArcherySkill.java:47:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/ArcherySkill.java:49:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/ArcherySkill.java:50:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/ArcherySkill.java:50:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/ArcherySkill.java:51:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/ArcherySkill.java:55:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/ArcherySkill.java:55:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/ArcherySkill.java:57:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/ArcherySkill.java:57:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/ArcherySkill.java:59:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/ArcherySkill.java:60:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/ArcherySkill.java:61:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/ArcherySkill.java:62:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/ArcherySkill.java:65:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/ArcherySkill.java:73:	Parameter 'locked' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/ArcherySkill.java:73:	Parameter 'lvl' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/ArcherySkill.java:73:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/ArcherySkill.java:78:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/ArcherySkill.java:83:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:1:	Possible God class (WMC=90, ATFD=145, TCC=0.0)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:23:	The class 'BlackSmithySkill' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 10 (Highest = 45).
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:23:	The class 'BlackSmithySkill' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 8 (Highest = 31).
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:23:	The class 'BlackSmithySkill' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 8 (Highest = 31).
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:23:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:25:	Avoid excessively long variable names like REPAIR_STAMINA_COST
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:25:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:27:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SMELT_STAMINA_COST
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:27:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:29:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ENHANCE_STAMINA_COST
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:29:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:31:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:31:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:32:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:32:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:33:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:33:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:35:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:36:	Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:36:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:36:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:42:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:42:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:42:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:42:	Use opposite operator instead of the logic complement operator.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:49:	Parameter 'item' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:49:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:53:	Parameter 'item' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:53:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:85:	Method names should not start with capital letters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:85:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:85:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:86:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'levels' (lines '86'-'92').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:86:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'levels' (lines '86'-'94').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:86:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'levels' (lines '86'-'97').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:86:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'levels' (lines '86'-'101').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:87:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:89:	Avoid empty if statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:89:	Avoid empty if statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:89:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:89:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:89:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:89:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:91:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:91:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:91:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:91:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:92:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:92:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'levels' (lines '92'-'101').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:93:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:93:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:93:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:93:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:94:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'levels' (lines '94'-'95').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:95:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'levels' (lines '95'-'101').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:97:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'levels' (lines '97'-'98').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:98:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'levels' (lines '98'-'99').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:99:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'levels' (lines '99'-'101').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:103:	Avoid really long methods.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:103:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:103:	The method 'enhance' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 45.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:103:	The method 'enhance' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 31.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:103:	The method 'enhance' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 31.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:103:	The method enhance() has an NCSS line count of 134
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:103:	The method enhance() has an NPath complexity of 293760
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:103:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:107:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:110:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:110:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:111:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:111:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'lvl' (lines '111'-'273').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:111:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:112:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:114:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:116:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:116:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:116:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:116:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:117:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:117:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:117:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:117:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:118:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:118:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:118:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:119:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:119:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:119:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:119:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:120:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:122:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:124:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:127:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:127:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'costAmount' (lines '127'-'165').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:127:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'costAmount' (lines '127'-'198').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:127:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'costAmount' (lines '127'-'224').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:127:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'costAmount' (lines '127'-'250').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:127:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'costAmount' (lines '127'-'273').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:128:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'cost' (lines '128'-'130').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:128:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'cost' (lines '128'-'132').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:128:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'cost' (lines '128'-'134').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:128:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'cost' (lines '128'-'136').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:128:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'cost' (lines '128'-'138').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:130:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:132:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:134:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:136:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:137:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:137:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:137:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:141:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:141:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:141:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:142:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:142:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:142:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:142:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:143:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:146:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isTool' (lines '146'-'155').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:146:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'isTool' (lines '146'-'273').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:147:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isSword' (lines '147'-'153').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:147:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'isSword' (lines '147'-'273').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:148:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isBow' (lines '148'-'157').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:148:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'isBow' (lines '148'-'273').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:149:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isArmor' (lines '149'-'151').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:149:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'isArmor' (lines '149'-'273').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:151:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:151:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'isArmor' (lines '151'-'273').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:153:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:153:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'isSword' (lines '153'-'273').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:155:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:156:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:156:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:157:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:157:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'isBow' (lines '157'-'273').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:159:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:159:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:159:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:160:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:160:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:160:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:160:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:161:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:165:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:165:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:166:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:168:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:172:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:172:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:172:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:173:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:175:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:177:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:178:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:179:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:179:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:179:	The String literal "You do not have enough " appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 179
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:181:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:183:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:183:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:185:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:186:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:187:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:188:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:190:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:191:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:192:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:193:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:195:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:195:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:195:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:195:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:195:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:195:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:195:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:196:	The String literal " to lvl " appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 196
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:198:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:198:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:199:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:201:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:205:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:205:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:205:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:206:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:208:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:210:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:211:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:212:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:212:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:214:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:216:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:216:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:218:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:219:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:220:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:221:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:221:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:221:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:221:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:221:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:221:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:221:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:224:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:224:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:225:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:227:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:231:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:231:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:231:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:232:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:234:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:236:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:237:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:238:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:238:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:240:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:242:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:242:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:244:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:245:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:246:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:247:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:247:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:247:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:247:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:247:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:247:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:247:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:250:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:250:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:251:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:253:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:255:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:256:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:257:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:257:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:259:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:261:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:261:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:263:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:264:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:265:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:266:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:266:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:266:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:267:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:267:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:267:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:267:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:269:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:269:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:269:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:270:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:270:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:270:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:270:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:275:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:275:	The method 'repair' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 20.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:275:	The method 'repair' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 19.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:275:	The method 'repair' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 19.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:275:	The method repair() has an NPath complexity of 7776
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:275:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:277:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:277:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:279:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:282:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:284:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:286:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:288:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:290:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:290:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:291:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:291:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'lvl' (lines '291'-'357').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:291:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:293:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:293:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:293:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:294:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:294:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:294:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:294:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:295:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:297:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'cost' (lines '297'-'301').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:297:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'cost' (lines '297'-'304').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:297:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'cost' (lines '297'-'307').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:297:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'cost' (lines '297'-'311').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:297:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'cost' (lines '297'-'315').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:298:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'cangain' (lines '298'-'302').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:298:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'cangain' (lines '298'-'305').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:298:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'cangain' (lines '298'-'309').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:298:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'cangain' (lines '298'-'313').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:298:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'cangain' (lines '298'-'317').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:298:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'cangain' (lines '298'-'357').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:299:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:299:	Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:299:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'costAmount' (lines '299'-'357').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:302:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'cangain' (lines '302'-'357').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:305:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'cangain' (lines '305'-'357').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:308:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:308:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:309:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'cangain' (lines '309'-'357').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:312:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:312:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:313:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'cangain' (lines '313'-'357').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:316:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:316:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:317:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'cangain' (lines '317'-'357').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:321:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:321:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:321:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:322:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:322:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:322:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:322:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:323:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:326:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:327:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:327:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:327:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:332:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:335:	Do not use the short type
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:335:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:336:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:336:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:340:	Do not use the short type
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:340:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:340:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:340:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:341:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:341:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:342:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:342:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:342:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:342:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:343:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:343:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:343:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:343:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:345:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:345:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:345:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:346:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:346:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:346:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:347:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:347:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:347:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:347:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:352:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:353:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:354:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:355:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:359:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:359:	The method 'smelt' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 14.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:359:	The method 'smelt' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 14.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:359:	The method 'smelt' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 14.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:359:	The method smelt() has an NPath complexity of 896
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:359:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:363:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:366:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:366:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:367:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:367:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'lvl' (lines '367'-'415').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:367:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:368:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:370:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:373:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:373:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:373:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:374:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:374:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:374:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:374:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:375:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:377:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:377:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'amount' (lines '377'-'400').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:377:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'amount' (lines '377'-'415').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:378:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'cost' (lines '378'-'381').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:378:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'cost' (lines '378'-'385').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:378:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'cost' (lines '378'-'389').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:379:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'cansmelt' (lines '379'-'383').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:379:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'cansmelt' (lines '379'-'387').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:379:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'cansmelt' (lines '379'-'391').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:379:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'cansmelt' (lines '379'-'415').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:382:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:382:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:383:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'cansmelt' (lines '383'-'415').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:386:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:386:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:387:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'cansmelt' (lines '387'-'415').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:390:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:390:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:391:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'cansmelt' (lines '391'-'415').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:395:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:395:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:395:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:396:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:396:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:396:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:396:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:397:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:399:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:400:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'amount' (lines '400'-'415').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:401:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:402:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:406:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:406:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:409:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:409:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:409:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:409:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:410:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:410:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:410:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:410:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:411:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:411:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:413:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:413:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:413:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:413:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:413:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:413:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:413:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:413:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:417:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:427:	Parameter 'locked' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:427:	Parameter 'lvl' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:427:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BlackSmithySkill.java:432:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BladesSkill.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BladesSkill.java:20:	The class 'BladesSkill' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 14).
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BladesSkill.java:20:	The class 'BladesSkill' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 12).
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BladesSkill.java:20:	The class 'BladesSkill' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 12).
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BladesSkill.java:20:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BladesSkill.java:22:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BladesSkill.java:22:	The method 'playerDamagedEntityWithSword' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 14.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BladesSkill.java:22:	The method 'playerDamagedEntityWithSword' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 12.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BladesSkill.java:22:	The method 'playerDamagedEntityWithSword' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 12.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BladesSkill.java:22:	The method playerDamagedEntityWithSword() has an NPath complexity of 1280
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BladesSkill.java:22:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BladesSkill.java:23:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BladesSkill.java:24:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BladesSkill.java:25:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BladesSkill.java:26:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BladesSkill.java:27:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BladesSkill.java:28:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BladesSkill.java:30:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BladesSkill.java:30:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BladesSkill.java:31:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BladesSkill.java:35:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BladesSkill.java:35:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BladesSkill.java:36:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BladesSkill.java:38:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'additionalDamage' (lines '38'-'40').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BladesSkill.java:40:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BladesSkill.java:42:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BladesSkill.java:46:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BladesSkill.java:47:	Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BladesSkill.java:47:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BladesSkill.java:49:	Avoid excessively long variable names like defenderPseudoPlayer
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BladesSkill.java:50:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BladesSkill.java:50:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BladesSkill.java:51:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BladesSkill.java:51:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BladesSkill.java:52:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BladesSkill.java:53:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BladesSkill.java:53:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BladesSkill.java:59:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BladesSkill.java:63:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BladesSkill.java:63:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BladesSkill.java:65:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BladesSkill.java:65:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BladesSkill.java:66:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BladesSkill.java:66:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BladesSkill.java:66:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BladesSkill.java:67:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BladesSkill.java:68:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BladesSkill.java:69:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BladesSkill.java:72:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BladesSkill.java:80:	Parameter 'locked' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BladesSkill.java:80:	Parameter 'lvl' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BladesSkill.java:80:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BladesSkill.java:85:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BrawlingSkill.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BrawlingSkill.java:20:	The class 'BrawlingSkill' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 5 (Highest = 17).
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BrawlingSkill.java:20:	The class 'BrawlingSkill' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 14).
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BrawlingSkill.java:20:	The class 'BrawlingSkill' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 14).
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BrawlingSkill.java:20:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BrawlingSkill.java:22:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BrawlingSkill.java:22:	The method 'playerDamagedEntityWithMisc' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 17.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BrawlingSkill.java:22:	The method 'playerDamagedEntityWithMisc' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 14.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BrawlingSkill.java:22:	The method 'playerDamagedEntityWithMisc' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 14.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BrawlingSkill.java:22:	The method playerDamagedEntityWithMisc() has an NPath complexity of 6144
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BrawlingSkill.java:22:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BrawlingSkill.java:23:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BrawlingSkill.java:24:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BrawlingSkill.java:25:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BrawlingSkill.java:26:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BrawlingSkill.java:27:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BrawlingSkill.java:28:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BrawlingSkill.java:29:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BrawlingSkill.java:29:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BrawlingSkill.java:29:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BrawlingSkill.java:30:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BrawlingSkill.java:32:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BrawlingSkill.java:32:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BrawlingSkill.java:33:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BrawlingSkill.java:36:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BrawlingSkill.java:36:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BrawlingSkill.java:38:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BrawlingSkill.java:40:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BrawlingSkill.java:46:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BrawlingSkill.java:47:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BrawlingSkill.java:49:	Avoid excessively long variable names like defenderPseudoPlayer
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BrawlingSkill.java:50:	Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BrawlingSkill.java:50:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BrawlingSkill.java:50:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BrawlingSkill.java:51:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BrawlingSkill.java:51:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BrawlingSkill.java:52:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BrawlingSkill.java:53:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BrawlingSkill.java:53:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BrawlingSkill.java:57:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BrawlingSkill.java:58:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BrawlingSkill.java:58:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BrawlingSkill.java:60:	Avoid excessively long variable names like defenderPseudoPlayer
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BrawlingSkill.java:61:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BrawlingSkill.java:61:	Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BrawlingSkill.java:61:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BrawlingSkill.java:61:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BrawlingSkill.java:62:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BrawlingSkill.java:62:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BrawlingSkill.java:69:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BrawlingSkill.java:69:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BrawlingSkill.java:71:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BrawlingSkill.java:71:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BrawlingSkill.java:72:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BrawlingSkill.java:73:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BrawlingSkill.java:74:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BrawlingSkill.java:75:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BrawlingSkill.java:78:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BrawlingSkill.java:86:	Parameter 'locked' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BrawlingSkill.java:86:	Parameter 'lvl' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BrawlingSkill.java:86:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/BrawlingSkill.java:91:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/Build.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/Build.java:16:	The class 'Build' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 1 (Highest = 11).
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/Build.java:16:	The class 'Build' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 1 (Highest = 11).
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/Build.java:16:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/Build.java:18:	The String literal "lvl" appears 10 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 18
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/Build.java:19:	The String literal "locked" appears 10 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 19
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/Build.java:20:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/Build.java:24:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/Build.java:28:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/Build.java:32:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/Build.java:36:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/Build.java:40:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/Build.java:44:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/Build.java:48:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/Build.java:52:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/Build.java:56:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/Build.java:58:	Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/Build.java:58:	Document empty constructor
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/Build.java:58:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/Build.java:61:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/Build.java:65:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/Build.java:69:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/Build.java:73:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/Build.java:77:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/Build.java:81:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/Build.java:85:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/Build.java:89:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/Build.java:94:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/Build.java:94:	The method 'getSkillByName' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/Build.java:94:	The method 'getSkillByName' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/Build.java:94:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/Build.java:95:	When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/Build.java:97:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/Build.java:99:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/Build.java:101:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/Build.java:103:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/Build.java:105:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/Build.java:107:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/Build.java:109:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/Build.java:111:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/Build.java:113:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/Build.java:115:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/Build.java:122:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/Build.java:124:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/Build.java:125:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/Build.java:126:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/Build.java:127:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/Build.java:128:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/Build.java:129:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/Build.java:130:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/Build.java:131:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/Build.java:132:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/Build.java:133:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/Build.java:134:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/Build.java:134:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/Build.java:134:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/Build.java:138:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/Build.java:142:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/Build.java:147:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/Build.java:162:	Parameter 'archery' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/Build.java:162:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/Build.java:166:	Parameter 'blackSmithy' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/Build.java:166:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/Build.java:170:	Parameter 'blades' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/Build.java:170:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/Build.java:174:	Parameter 'brawling' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/Build.java:174:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/Build.java:178:	Parameter 'fishing' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/Build.java:178:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/Build.java:182:	Parameter 'lumberjacking' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/Build.java:182:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/Build.java:186:	Parameter 'magery' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/Build.java:186:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/Build.java:190:	Parameter 'mining' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/Build.java:190:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/Build.java:194:	Parameter 'survivalism' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/Build.java:194:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/Build.java:198:	Parameter 'taming' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/Build.java:198:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/FishingSkill.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/FishingSkill.java:1:	Possible God class (WMC=94, ATFD=123, TCC=0.0)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/FishingSkill.java:23:	The class 'FishingSkill' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 8 (Highest = 15).
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/FishingSkill.java:23:	The class 'FishingSkill' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 12).
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/FishingSkill.java:23:	The class 'FishingSkill' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 7 (Highest = 15).
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/FishingSkill.java:23:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/FishingSkill.java:25:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/FishingSkill.java:25:	The method 'callBoat' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 14.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/FishingSkill.java:25:	The method 'callBoat' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 12.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/FishingSkill.java:25:	The method 'callBoat' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 12.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/FishingSkill.java:25:	The method callBoat() has an NPath complexity of 624
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/FishingSkill.java:25:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/FishingSkill.java:27:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/FishingSkill.java:27:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/FishingSkill.java:28:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/FishingSkill.java:29:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/FishingSkill.java:31:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/FishingSkill.java:33:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/FishingSkill.java:34:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/FishingSkill.java:36:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/FishingSkill.java:38:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/FishingSkill.java:39:	Use opposite operator instead of the logic complement operator.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/FishingSkill.java:43:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'placedBoat' (lines '43'-'52').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/FishingSkill.java:44:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/FishingSkill.java:44:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/FishingSkill.java:45:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/FishingSkill.java:45:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/FishingSkill.java:46:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/FishingSkill.java:46:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/FishingSkill.java:47:	Avoid variables with short names like b
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/FishingSkill.java:47:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/FishingSkill.java:48:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/FishingSkill.java:49:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/FishingSkill.java:49:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/FishingSkill.java:50:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/FishingSkill.java:50:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/FishingSkill.java:53:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/FishingSkill.java:54:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/FishingSkill.java:55:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/FishingSkill.java:56:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/FishingSkill.java:56:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/FishingSkill.java:56:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/FishingSkill.java:56:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/FishingSkill.java:56:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/FishingSkill.java:60:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/FishingSkill.java:63:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/FishingSkill.java:66:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/FishingSkill.java:70:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/FishingSkill.java:74:	Parameter 'lvl' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/FishingSkill.java:74:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/FishingSkill.java:80:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/FishingSkill.java:82:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/FishingSkill.java:83:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/FishingSkill.java:86:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/FishingSkill.java:88:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/FishingSkill.java:90:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/FishingSkill.java:92:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/FishingSkill.java:95:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/FishingSkill.java:99:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/FishingSkill.java:104:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/FishingSkill.java:106:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/FishingSkill.java:108:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/FishingSkill.java:114:	The method 'getRandomHighst' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 15.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/FishingSkill.java:114:	The method 'getRandomHighst' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 15.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/FishingSkill.java:114:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/FishingSkill.java:116:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/FishingSkill.java:117:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/FishingSkill.java:119:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/FishingSkill.java:121:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/FishingSkill.java:123:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/FishingSkill.java:125:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/FishingSkill.java:127:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/FishingSkill.java:129:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/FishingSkill.java:131:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/FishingSkill.java:133:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/FishingSkill.java:135:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/FishingSkill.java:137:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/FishingSkill.java:139:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/FishingSkill.java:142:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/FishingSkill.java:146:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/FishingSkill.java:151:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/FishingSkill.java:153:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/FishingSkill.java:159:	The method 'getRandomLow' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 12.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/FishingSkill.java:159:	The method 'getRandomLow' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 12.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/FishingSkill.java:159:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/FishingSkill.java:161:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/FishingSkill.java:162:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/FishingSkill.java:165:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/FishingSkill.java:167:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/FishingSkill.java:169:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/FishingSkill.java:172:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/FishingSkill.java:174:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/FishingSkill.java:176:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/FishingSkill.java:178:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/FishingSkill.java:180:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/FishingSkill.java:182:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/FishingSkill.java:184:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/FishingSkill.java:186:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/FishingSkill.java:188:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/FishingSkill.java:194:	The method 'getRandomMedium' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 13.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/FishingSkill.java:194:	The method 'getRandomMedium' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 13.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/FishingSkill.java:194:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/FishingSkill.java:196:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/FishingSkill.java:197:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/FishingSkill.java:199:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/FishingSkill.java:202:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/FishingSkill.java:204:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/FishingSkill.java:206:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/FishingSkill.java:209:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/FishingSkill.java:211:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/FishingSkill.java:213:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/FishingSkill.java:215:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/FishingSkill.java:217:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/FishingSkill.java:219:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/FishingSkill.java:221:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/FishingSkill.java:223:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/FishingSkill.java:225:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/FishingSkill.java:231:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/FishingSkill.java:231:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/FishingSkill.java:232:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/FishingSkill.java:235:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/FishingSkill.java:235:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/FishingSkill.java:236:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/FishingSkill.java:238:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/FishingSkill.java:239:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/FishingSkill.java:239:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/FishingSkill.java:239:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/FishingSkill.java:239:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/FishingSkill.java:239:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/FishingSkill.java:240:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/FishingSkill.java:241:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/FishingSkill.java:241:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/FishingSkill.java:241:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/FishingSkill.java:241:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/FishingSkill.java:241:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/FishingSkill.java:242:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/FishingSkill.java:243:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/FishingSkill.java:243:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/FishingSkill.java:243:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/FishingSkill.java:243:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/FishingSkill.java:243:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/FishingSkill.java:245:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/FishingSkill.java:245:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/FishingSkill.java:245:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/FishingSkill.java:245:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/FishingSkill.java:245:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/FishingSkill.java:246:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/FishingSkill.java:246:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/FishingSkill.java:247:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/FishingSkill.java:247:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/FishingSkill.java:247:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/FishingSkill.java:247:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/FishingSkill.java:248:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/FishingSkill.java:249:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/FishingSkill.java:250:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/FishingSkill.java:251:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/FishingSkill.java:255:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/FishingSkill.java:263:	Parameter 'locked' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/FishingSkill.java:263:	Parameter 'lvl' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/FishingSkill.java:263:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/FishingSkill.java:268:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/LumberjackingSkill.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/LumberjackingSkill.java:25:	The class 'LumberjackingSkill' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 11 (Highest = 31).
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/LumberjackingSkill.java:25:	The class 'LumberjackingSkill' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 8 (Highest = 17).
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/LumberjackingSkill.java:25:	The class 'LumberjackingSkill' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 8 (Highest = 17).
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/LumberjackingSkill.java:25:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/LumberjackingSkill.java:28:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/LumberjackingSkill.java:28:	The method 'blockBrokeWithAxe' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 31.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/LumberjackingSkill.java:28:	The method 'blockBrokeWithAxe' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 17.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/LumberjackingSkill.java:28:	The method 'blockBrokeWithAxe' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 17.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/LumberjackingSkill.java:28:	The method blockBrokeWithAxe() has an NPath complexity of 1164
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/LumberjackingSkill.java:28:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/LumberjackingSkill.java:29:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/LumberjackingSkill.java:30:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/LumberjackingSkill.java:32:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/LumberjackingSkill.java:32:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/LumberjackingSkill.java:36:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/LumberjackingSkill.java:36:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/LumberjackingSkill.java:37:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/LumberjackingSkill.java:38:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'chanceToDropPlank' (lines '38'-'82').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/LumberjackingSkill.java:40:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/LumberjackingSkill.java:40:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/LumberjackingSkill.java:40:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/LumberjackingSkill.java:41:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/LumberjackingSkill.java:41:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/LumberjackingSkill.java:41:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/LumberjackingSkill.java:41:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/LumberjackingSkill.java:42:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/LumberjackingSkill.java:42:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'data' (lines '42'-'82').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/LumberjackingSkill.java:43:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/LumberjackingSkill.java:43:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/LumberjackingSkill.java:43:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/LumberjackingSkill.java:43:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/LumberjackingSkill.java:44:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/LumberjackingSkill.java:44:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'data' (lines '44'-'82').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/LumberjackingSkill.java:45:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/LumberjackingSkill.java:45:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/LumberjackingSkill.java:45:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/LumberjackingSkill.java:45:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/LumberjackingSkill.java:46:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/LumberjackingSkill.java:46:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'data' (lines '46'-'82').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/LumberjackingSkill.java:48:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/LumberjackingSkill.java:48:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'data' (lines '48'-'82').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/LumberjackingSkill.java:50:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/LumberjackingSkill.java:51:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/LumberjackingSkill.java:52:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/LumberjackingSkill.java:53:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/LumberjackingSkill.java:54:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/LumberjackingSkill.java:55:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/LumberjackingSkill.java:56:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/LumberjackingSkill.java:57:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/LumberjackingSkill.java:59:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/LumberjackingSkill.java:60:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/LumberjackingSkill.java:61:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/LumberjackingSkill.java:62:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/LumberjackingSkill.java:62:	The String literal "Lumberjacking" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 62
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/LumberjackingSkill.java:63:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/LumberjackingSkill.java:63:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/LumberjackingSkill.java:63:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/LumberjackingSkill.java:64:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/LumberjackingSkill.java:64:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/LumberjackingSkill.java:64:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/LumberjackingSkill.java:64:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/LumberjackingSkill.java:65:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/LumberjackingSkill.java:65:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'data' (lines '65'-'82').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/LumberjackingSkill.java:67:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/LumberjackingSkill.java:67:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'data' (lines '67'-'82').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/LumberjackingSkill.java:68:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/LumberjackingSkill.java:69:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/LumberjackingSkill.java:70:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/LumberjackingSkill.java:71:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/LumberjackingSkill.java:72:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/LumberjackingSkill.java:73:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/LumberjackingSkill.java:74:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/LumberjackingSkill.java:75:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/LumberjackingSkill.java:77:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/LumberjackingSkill.java:78:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/LumberjackingSkill.java:79:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/LumberjackingSkill.java:80:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/LumberjackingSkill.java:84:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'entity' (lines '84'-'116').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/LumberjackingSkill.java:84:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/LumberjackingSkill.java:84:	The method 'playerDamagedEntityWithAxe' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 20.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/LumberjackingSkill.java:84:	The method 'playerDamagedEntityWithAxe' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 17.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/LumberjackingSkill.java:84:	The method 'playerDamagedEntityWithAxe' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 17.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/LumberjackingSkill.java:84:	The method playerDamagedEntityWithAxe() has an NPath complexity of 8320
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/LumberjackingSkill.java:84:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/LumberjackingSkill.java:85:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/LumberjackingSkill.java:86:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/LumberjackingSkill.java:87:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/LumberjackingSkill.java:88:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/LumberjackingSkill.java:89:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/LumberjackingSkill.java:90:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/LumberjackingSkill.java:92:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/LumberjackingSkill.java:92:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/LumberjackingSkill.java:96:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/LumberjackingSkill.java:96:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/LumberjackingSkill.java:97:	Avoid excessively long variable names like lumberjackingSkill
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/LumberjackingSkill.java:97:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/LumberjackingSkill.java:99:	Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/LumberjackingSkill.java:102:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/LumberjackingSkill.java:103:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/LumberjackingSkill.java:104:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/LumberjackingSkill.java:105:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/LumberjackingSkill.java:106:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/LumberjackingSkill.java:107:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/LumberjackingSkill.java:108:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/LumberjackingSkill.java:108:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/LumberjackingSkill.java:113:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/LumberjackingSkill.java:114:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'newDamage' (lines '114'-'143').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/LumberjackingSkill.java:116:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/LumberjackingSkill.java:116:	Use equals() to compare object references.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/LumberjackingSkill.java:120:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/LumberjackingSkill.java:122:	Avoid variables with short names like p
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/LumberjackingSkill.java:123:	Use equals() to compare object references.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/LumberjackingSkill.java:126:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/LumberjackingSkill.java:129:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/LumberjackingSkill.java:129:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/LumberjackingSkill.java:136:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/LumberjackingSkill.java:136:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/LumberjackingSkill.java:138:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/LumberjackingSkill.java:138:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/LumberjackingSkill.java:139:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/LumberjackingSkill.java:140:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/LumberjackingSkill.java:141:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/LumberjackingSkill.java:142:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/LumberjackingSkill.java:145:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/LumberjackingSkill.java:153:	Parameter 'locked' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/LumberjackingSkill.java:153:	Parameter 'lvl' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/LumberjackingSkill.java:153:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/LumberjackingSkill.java:158:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/MagerySkill.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/MagerySkill.java:10:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/MagerySkill.java:12:	Avoid variables with short names like sm
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/MagerySkill.java:12:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/MagerySkill.java:12:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/MagerySkill.java:14:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/MagerySkill.java:24:	Parameter 'locked' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/MagerySkill.java:24:	Parameter 'lvl' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/MagerySkill.java:24:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/MagerySkill.java:29:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/MiningSkill.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/MiningSkill.java:17:	The class 'MiningSkill' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 6 (Highest = 20).
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/MiningSkill.java:17:	The class 'MiningSkill' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 6 (Highest = 18).
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/MiningSkill.java:17:	The class 'MiningSkill' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 6 (Highest = 18).
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/MiningSkill.java:17:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/MiningSkill.java:19:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/MiningSkill.java:19:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/MiningSkill.java:21:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/MiningSkill.java:21:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/MiningSkill.java:23:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/MiningSkill.java:23:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/MiningSkill.java:24:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/MiningSkill.java:24:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/MiningSkill.java:25:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/MiningSkill.java:25:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/MiningSkill.java:26:	Avoid excessively long variable names like redstoneoredroprate
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/MiningSkill.java:26:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/MiningSkill.java:26:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/MiningSkill.java:27:	Avoid excessively long variable names like lapisblockdroprate
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/MiningSkill.java:27:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/MiningSkill.java:27:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/MiningSkill.java:28:	Avoid excessively long variable names like lapisoreblockdroprate
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/MiningSkill.java:28:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/MiningSkill.java:28:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/MiningSkill.java:29:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/MiningSkill.java:29:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/MiningSkill.java:30:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/MiningSkill.java:30:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/MiningSkill.java:31:	Avoid excessively long variable names like emeraldoredroprate
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/MiningSkill.java:31:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/MiningSkill.java:31:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/MiningSkill.java:32:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/MiningSkill.java:32:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/MiningSkill.java:33:	Avoid excessively long variable names like diamondoredroprate
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/MiningSkill.java:33:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/MiningSkill.java:33:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/MiningSkill.java:35:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/MiningSkill.java:35:	The method 'onBlockBreak' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 20.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/MiningSkill.java:35:	The method 'onBlockBreak' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 18.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/MiningSkill.java:35:	The method 'onBlockBreak' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 18.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/MiningSkill.java:35:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/MiningSkill.java:36:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/MiningSkill.java:37:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/MiningSkill.java:39:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/MiningSkill.java:39:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/MiningSkill.java:39:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/MiningSkill.java:42:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'pPlayer' (lines '42'-'90').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/MiningSkill.java:43:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/MiningSkill.java:43:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/MiningSkill.java:43:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/MiningSkill.java:44:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/MiningSkill.java:46:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/MiningSkill.java:46:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/MiningSkill.java:46:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/MiningSkill.java:50:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/MiningSkill.java:50:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/MiningSkill.java:50:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/MiningSkill.java:53:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/MiningSkill.java:54:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/MiningSkill.java:63:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/MiningSkill.java:63:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/MiningSkill.java:65:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/MiningSkill.java:65:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/MiningSkill.java:67:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/MiningSkill.java:67:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/MiningSkill.java:69:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/MiningSkill.java:69:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/MiningSkill.java:71:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/MiningSkill.java:71:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/MiningSkill.java:73:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/MiningSkill.java:73:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/MiningSkill.java:75:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/MiningSkill.java:75:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/MiningSkill.java:77:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/MiningSkill.java:77:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/MiningSkill.java:79:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/MiningSkill.java:79:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/MiningSkill.java:81:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/MiningSkill.java:81:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/MiningSkill.java:83:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/MiningSkill.java:83:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/MiningSkill.java:85:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/MiningSkill.java:85:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/MiningSkill.java:87:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/MiningSkill.java:87:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/MiningSkill.java:92:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/MiningSkill.java:100:	Parameter 'locked' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/MiningSkill.java:100:	Parameter 'lvl' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/MiningSkill.java:100:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/MiningSkill.java:105:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/Skill.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/Skill.java:16:	Abstract classes should be named AbstractXXX
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/Skill.java:16:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/Skill.java:18:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/Skill.java:19:	Avoid variables with short names like pm
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/Skill.java:19:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/Skill.java:20:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/Skill.java:21:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/Skill.java:24:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/Skill.java:26:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/Skill.java:28:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'minGain'
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/Skill.java:28:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/Skill.java:30:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/Skill.java:32:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/Skill.java:34:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/Skill.java:36:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'lvl'
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/Skill.java:36:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/Skill.java:37:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'locked'
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/Skill.java:37:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/Skill.java:39:	Document empty constructor
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/Skill.java:39:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/Skill.java:43:	Parameter 'locked' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/Skill.java:43:	Parameter 'lvl' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/Skill.java:43:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/Skill.java:48:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/Skill.java:52:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/Skill.java:56:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/Skill.java:60:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/Skill.java:64:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/Skill.java:68:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/Skill.java:72:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/Skill.java:76:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/Skill.java:78:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/Skill.java:82:	Parameter 'baseProb' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/Skill.java:82:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/Skill.java:86:	Parameter 'locked' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/Skill.java:86:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/Skill.java:90:	Parameter 'lvl' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/Skill.java:90:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/Skill.java:94:	Parameter 'mat' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/Skill.java:94:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/Skill.java:98:	Parameter 'maxGain' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/Skill.java:98:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/Skill.java:102:	Parameter 'minGain' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/Skill.java:102:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/Skill.java:106:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/Skill.java:106:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/Skill.java:110:	Parameter 'scaleConstant' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/Skill.java:110:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/Skill.java:114:	Parameter 'pPlayer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/Skill.java:114:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/Skill.java:115:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/Skill.java:116:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/Skill.java:117:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/Skill.java:117:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/Skill.java:118:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/Skill.java:119:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/Skill.java:119:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/Skill.java:120:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/Skill.java:122:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/Skill.java:122:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/Skill.java:123:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/Skill.java:123:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/Skill.java:123:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/Skill.java:123:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/Skill.java:123:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/Skill.java:125:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:1:	A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:1:	Possible God class (WMC=133, ATFD=114, TCC=0.10714285714285714)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:49:	The class 'SurvivalismSkill' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 14 (Highest = 98).
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:49:	The class 'SurvivalismSkill' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 12 (Highest = 87).
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:49:	The class 'SurvivalismSkill' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 12 (Highest = 87).
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:49:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:51:	Avoid excessively long variable names like TRACK_STAMINA_COST
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:51:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:53:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:55:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:55:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:57:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'camp' (lines '57'-'71').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:57:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:57:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:59:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:59:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:59:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:60:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:62:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:65:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:67:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:70:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:71:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:71:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:73:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:84:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:84:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:85:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:85:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:85:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:86:	The String literal "Survivalism" appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 86
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:87:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:92:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'logFound' (lines '92'-'96').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:92:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'logFound' (lines '92'-'110').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:93:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'fireFound' (lines '93'-'98').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:93:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'fireFound' (lines '93'-'110').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:94:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:94:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:94:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:95:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:95:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:95:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:96:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:97:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:98:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:99:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:107:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:107:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:108:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:108:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:108:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:112:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'i' (lines '112'-'118').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:112:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:112:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:113:	Avoid variables with short names like e
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:114:	Avoid variables with short names like k
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:114:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:114:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:115:	No need to check for null before an instanceof
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:117:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:118:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:118:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:119:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:119:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:119:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:120:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:120:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:120:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:120:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:120:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:120:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:120:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:121:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:121:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:121:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:125:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:125:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:129:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:129:	The method 'onHoe' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 20.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:129:	The method 'onHoe' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 16.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:129:	The method 'onHoe' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 16.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:129:	The method onHoe() has an NPath complexity of 1728
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:129:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:130:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:131:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:132:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:132:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:133:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:135:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:135:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'itemInHand' (lines '135'-'182').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:135:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:136:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:136:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'player' (lines '136'-'182').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:137:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:137:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:137:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:138:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:139:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:139:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:139:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:139:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:139:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:139:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:139:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:139:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:139:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:139:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:139:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:140:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:140:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:140:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:140:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:141:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:141:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:142:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:144:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:145:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:146:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:146:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:146:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:147:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:147:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:154:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:154:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:154:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:158:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:158:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:158:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:159:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:159:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:159:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:160:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:160:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:161:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:161:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:162:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:162:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:162:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:163:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:163:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:163:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:163:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:163:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:164:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:166:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:167:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:168:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:168:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:168:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:168:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:169:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:169:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:169:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:169:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:170:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:171:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:173:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:174:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:174:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:175:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:177:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:177:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:178:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:184:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:184:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:185:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:185:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:186:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:189:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:189:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:189:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:189:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:189:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:194:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:194:	Parameter 'camps' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:194:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:198:	Avoid really long methods.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:198:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:198:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'livingEntity' (lines '198'-'272').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:198:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:198:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:198:	The method 'track' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 98.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:198:	The method 'track' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 87.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:198:	The method 'track' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 87.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:198:	The method track() has an NCSS line count of 247
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:198:	The method track() has an NPath complexity of 422912545
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:198:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:200:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'curSkill' (lines '200'-'473').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:200:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:200:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:200:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:201:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:202:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:204:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:209:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:211:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:215:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:216:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:218:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'modCurSkill' (lines '218'-'473').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:220:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'foundLivingEntity' (lines '220'-'336').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:220:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'foundLivingEntity' (lines '220'-'473').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:223:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'trackZombie' (lines '223'-'239').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:224:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'trackSkeleton' (lines '224'-'241').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:225:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'trackCreeper' (lines '225'-'243').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:226:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'trackSpider' (lines '226'-'245').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:227:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'trackGhast' (lines '227'-'247').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:228:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'trackSheep' (lines '228'-'249').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:229:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'trackSquid' (lines '229'-'251').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:230:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'trackChicken' (lines '230'-'253').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:231:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'trackSlime' (lines '231'-'255').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:232:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'trackPig' (lines '232'-'257').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:233:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'trackCow' (lines '233'-'259').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:234:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'trackWolf' (lines '234'-'261').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:235:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'trackOcelot' (lines '235'-'264').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:236:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'trackBlaze' (lines '236'-'266').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:238:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:238:	Position literals first in String comparisons for EqualsIgnoreCase
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:238:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:239:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'trackZombie' (lines '239'-'473').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:240:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:240:	Position literals first in String comparisons for EqualsIgnoreCase
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:240:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:241:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'trackSkeleton' (lines '241'-'473').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:242:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:242:	Position literals first in String comparisons for EqualsIgnoreCase
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:242:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:243:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'trackCreeper' (lines '243'-'473').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:244:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:244:	Position literals first in String comparisons for EqualsIgnoreCase
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:244:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:245:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'trackSpider' (lines '245'-'473').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:246:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:246:	Position literals first in String comparisons for EqualsIgnoreCase
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:246:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:247:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'trackGhast' (lines '247'-'473').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:248:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:248:	Position literals first in String comparisons for EqualsIgnoreCase
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:248:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:250:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:250:	Position literals first in String comparisons for EqualsIgnoreCase
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:250:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:252:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:252:	Position literals first in String comparisons for EqualsIgnoreCase
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:252:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:254:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:254:	Position literals first in String comparisons for EqualsIgnoreCase
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:254:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:255:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'trackSlime' (lines '255'-'473').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:256:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:256:	Position literals first in String comparisons for EqualsIgnoreCase
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:256:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:258:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:258:	Position literals first in String comparisons for EqualsIgnoreCase
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:258:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:260:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:260:	Position literals first in String comparisons for EqualsIgnoreCase
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:260:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:263:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:263:	Position literals first in String comparisons for EqualsIgnoreCase
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:263:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:265:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:265:	Position literals first in String comparisons for EqualsIgnoreCase
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:265:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:266:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'trackBlaze' (lines '266'-'473').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:268:	Avoid variables with short names like lE
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:269:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:271:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:272:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:272:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:273:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:274:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:275:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:275:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:276:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:278:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:279:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:279:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:280:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:281:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:282:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:282:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:283:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:284:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:285:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:285:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:286:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:287:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:288:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:288:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:289:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:290:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:291:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:291:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:292:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:293:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:294:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:294:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:295:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:297:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:298:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:298:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:299:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:300:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:301:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:301:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:302:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:303:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:304:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:304:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:305:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:306:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:307:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:307:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:308:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:309:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:310:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:310:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:311:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:312:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:313:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:313:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:314:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:315:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:316:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:316:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:317:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:321:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:321:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:322:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:322:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:323:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:323:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:325:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:327:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:328:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:330:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:332:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'closestDist' (lines '332'-'473').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:333:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'closestEntity' (lines '333'-'333').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:339:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:342:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pseudoPlayerDefender
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:343:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:343:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:343:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:343:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:345:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:347:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:362:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:364:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:366:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:368:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:377:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pseudoPlayerDefender
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:378:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:378:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:378:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:379:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:379:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:380:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:382:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:384:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:384:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:385:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:386:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:386:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:386:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:392:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:392:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:392:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:392:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:392:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:394:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:396:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:396:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:397:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:397:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:399:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:401:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'locAt' (lines '401'-'473').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:403:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:403:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:406:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:406:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:409:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:409:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:412:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:412:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:415:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:415:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:418:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:420:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:422:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:424:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:426:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:428:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:428:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:429:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:429:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:431:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:435:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:435:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:438:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:438:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:441:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:441:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:444:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:444:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:447:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:447:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:450:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:452:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:454:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:456:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:459:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:462:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:465:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:465:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:466:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:467:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:467:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:467:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:472:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:475:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:483:	Parameter 'locked' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:483:	Parameter 'lvl' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:483:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/SurvivalismSkill.java:488:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/TamingSkill.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/TamingSkill.java:25:	The class 'TamingSkill' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 2 (Highest = 12).
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/TamingSkill.java:25:	The class 'TamingSkill' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 2 (Highest = 11).
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/TamingSkill.java:25:	The class 'TamingSkill' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 2 (Highest = 11).
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/TamingSkill.java:25:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/TamingSkill.java:27:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/TamingSkill.java:27:	Parameter 'pseudoPlayer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/TamingSkill.java:27:	The method 'callMount' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 12.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/TamingSkill.java:27:	The method 'callMount' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/TamingSkill.java:27:	The method 'callMount' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/TamingSkill.java:27:	The method callMount() has an NPath complexity of 241
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/TamingSkill.java:27:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/TamingSkill.java:28:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/TamingSkill.java:30:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/TamingSkill.java:31:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/TamingSkill.java:32:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/TamingSkill.java:34:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/TamingSkill.java:39:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/TamingSkill.java:42:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/TamingSkill.java:44:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/TamingSkill.java:46:	Use opposite operator instead of the logic complement operator.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/TamingSkill.java:48:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/TamingSkill.java:50:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/TamingSkill.java:51:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/TamingSkill.java:51:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/TamingSkill.java:51:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/TamingSkill.java:52:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/TamingSkill.java:52:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/TamingSkill.java:52:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/TamingSkill.java:53:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/TamingSkill.java:53:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/TamingSkill.java:53:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/TamingSkill.java:54:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/TamingSkill.java:54:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/TamingSkill.java:54:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/TamingSkill.java:54:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/TamingSkill.java:54:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/TamingSkill.java:54:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/TamingSkill.java:61:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'horse' (lines '61'-'63').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/TamingSkill.java:63:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/TamingSkill.java:64:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/TamingSkill.java:65:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/TamingSkill.java:66:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/TamingSkill.java:67:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/TamingSkill.java:68:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/TamingSkill.java:69:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/TamingSkill.java:70:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/TamingSkill.java:71:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/TamingSkill.java:72:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/TamingSkill.java:77:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/TamingSkill.java:78:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/TamingSkill.java:79:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/TamingSkill.java:80:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/TamingSkill.java:84:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/TamingSkill.java:88:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/TamingSkill.java:94:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/TamingSkill.java:94:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/TamingSkill.java:95:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/TamingSkill.java:95:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/TamingSkill.java:96:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/TamingSkill.java:99:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/TamingSkill.java:99:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/TamingSkill.java:100:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/TamingSkill.java:101:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/TamingSkill.java:104:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/TamingSkill.java:104:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/TamingSkill.java:105:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/TamingSkill.java:105:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/TamingSkill.java:106:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/TamingSkill.java:106:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/TamingSkill.java:109:	Document empty method body
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/TamingSkill.java:109:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/TamingSkill.java:109:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/TamingSkill.java:113:	Document empty method body
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/TamingSkill.java:113:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/TamingSkill.java:113:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/TamingSkill.java:117:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'doogs'
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/TamingSkill.java:117:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/TamingSkill.java:117:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/TamingSkill.java:119:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/TamingSkill.java:119:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/TamingSkill.java:121:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/TamingSkill.java:129:	Parameter 'locked' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/TamingSkill.java:129:	Parameter 'lvl' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/TamingSkill.java:129:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/TamingSkill.java:133:	Document empty method body
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/TamingSkill.java:133:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/TamingSkill.java:137:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/TamingSkill.java:142:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/TamingSkill.java:146:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/TamingSkill.java:150:	Parameter 'doogs' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/TamingSkill.java:150:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/TamingSkill.java:154:	Parameter 'mount' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Skills/TamingSkill.java:154:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/MagicStructure.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/MagicStructure.java:14:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/MagicStructure.java:16:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/MagicStructure.java:18:	Avoid variables with short names like pm
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/MagicStructure.java:18:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/MagicStructure.java:20:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/MagicStructure.java:22:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'ms' (lines '22'-'24').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/MagicStructure.java:22:	Parameter 'block' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/MagicStructure.java:22:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/MagicStructure.java:23:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/MagicStructure.java:24:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/MagicStructure.java:24:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/MagicStructure.java:25:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/MagicStructure.java:29:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/MagicStructure.java:33:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/MagicStructure.java:37:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/MagicStructure.java:41:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'ms' (lines '41'-'43').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/MagicStructure.java:41:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/MagicStructure.java:42:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/MagicStructure.java:47:	Avoid variables with short names like pm
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/MagicStructure.java:47:	Parameter 'pm' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/MagicStructure.java:47:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/MagicStructure.java:51:	Parameter 'ptm' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/MagicStructure.java:51:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/MagicStructure.java:55:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'ms' (lines '55'-'57').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/MagicStructure.java:55:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/MagicStructure.java:56:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/MagicStructure.java:58:	Avoid variables with short names like ms
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/MagicStructure.java:61:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/MagicStructure.java:61:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/MagicStructure.java:63:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'isDead'
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/MagicStructure.java:63:	Field isDead has the same name as a method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/MagicStructure.java:63:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/MagicStructure.java:63:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/MagicStructure.java:63:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/MagicStructure.java:65:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/MagicStructure.java:65:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/MagicStructure.java:65:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/MagicStructure.java:67:	Avoid excessively long variable names like numTicksTillCleanup
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/MagicStructure.java:67:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/MagicStructure.java:67:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/MagicStructure.java:69:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'curTick'
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/MagicStructure.java:69:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/MagicStructure.java:69:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/MagicStructure.java:71:	Avoid excessively long variable names like numTicksTillCleanup
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/MagicStructure.java:71:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/MagicStructure.java:71:	Parameter 'blocks' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/MagicStructure.java:71:	Parameter 'numTicksTillCleanup' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/MagicStructure.java:71:	Parameter 'uuid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/MagicStructure.java:71:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/MagicStructure.java:72:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/MagicStructure.java:74:	Overridable method 'setCreatorUUID' called during object construction
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/MagicStructure.java:79:	Parameter 'block' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/MagicStructure.java:79:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/MagicStructure.java:83:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/MagicStructure.java:86:	Avoid variables with short names like b
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/MagicStructure.java:87:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/MagicStructure.java:87:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/MagicStructure.java:87:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/MagicStructure.java:87:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/MagicStructure.java:88:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/MagicStructure.java:88:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/MagicStructure.java:94:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/MagicStructure.java:94:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'b' (lines '94'-'97').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/MagicStructure.java:94:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/MagicStructure.java:96:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/MagicStructure.java:101:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/MagicStructure.java:101:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/MagicStructure.java:105:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/MagicStructure.java:109:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/MagicStructure.java:113:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/MagicStructure.java:117:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/MagicStructure.java:121:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/MagicStructure.java:125:	Document empty method body
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/MagicStructure.java:125:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/MagicStructure.java:128:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/MagicStructure.java:128:	Parameter 'blocks' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/MagicStructure.java:128:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/MagicStructure.java:132:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'b' (lines '132'-'134').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/MagicStructure.java:132:	Parameter 'blocks' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/MagicStructure.java:132:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/MagicStructure.java:133:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/MagicStructure.java:137:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/MagicStructure.java:137:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'block' (lines '137'-'139').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/MagicStructure.java:137:	Parameter 'blocks' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/MagicStructure.java:137:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/MagicStructure.java:138:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/MagicStructure.java:142:	Parameter 'creatorUUID' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/MagicStructure.java:142:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/MagicStructure.java:146:	Parameter 'curTick' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/MagicStructure.java:146:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/MagicStructure.java:150:	Parameter 'dead' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/MagicStructure.java:150:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/MagicStructure.java:154:	Avoid excessively long variable names like numTicksTillCleanup
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/MagicStructure.java:154:	Parameter 'numTicksTillCleanup' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/MagicStructure.java:154:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/MagicStructure.java:158:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/MagicStructure.java:159:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/MagicStructure.java:160:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/MagicStructure.java:162:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/MagicStructure.java:162:	Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/RangedSpell.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/RangedSpell.java:11:	Abstract classes should be named AbstractXXX
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/RangedSpell.java:11:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/RangedSpell.java:13:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/RangedSpell.java:15:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/RangedSpell.java:16:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/RangedSpell.java:18:	Parameter 'scroll' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/RangedSpell.java:18:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/RangedSpell.java:22:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/RangedSpell.java:26:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/RangedSpell.java:30:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/RangedSpell.java:34:	Parameter 'carePlot' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/RangedSpell.java:34:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/RangedSpell.java:38:	Parameter 'foundBlock' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/RangedSpell.java:38:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/RangedSpell.java:42:	Parameter 'range' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/RangedSpell.java:42:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/RangedSpell.java:47:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/RangedSpell.java:47:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/RangedSpell.java:48:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/RangedSpell.java:51:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/RangedSpell.java:55:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/RangedSpell.java:59:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/RangedSpell.java:60:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/RangedSpell.java:60:	Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/RangedSpell.java:60:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/RangedSpell.java:60:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/RangedSpell.java:61:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/RangedSpell.java:61:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/RangedSpell.java:62:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/RangedSpell.java:64:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Scroll.java:1:	A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Scroll.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Scroll.java:1:	Possible God class (WMC=55, ATFD=123, TCC=0.0)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Scroll.java:39:	The class 'Scroll' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 4(Highest = 30).
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Scroll.java:39:	The class 'Scroll' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 4(Highest = 30).
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Scroll.java:39:	enumCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Scroll.java:282:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'st' (lines '282'-'284').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Scroll.java:282:	Parameter 'string' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Scroll.java:282:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Scroll.java:283:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Scroll.java:284:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Scroll.java:284:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Scroll.java:284:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Scroll.java:284:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Scroll.java:285:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Scroll.java:289:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Scroll.java:289:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Scroll.java:290:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Scroll.java:290:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Scroll.java:291:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Scroll.java:291:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Scroll.java:292:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Scroll.java:292:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Scroll.java:293:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Scroll.java:293:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Scroll.java:294:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Scroll.java:294:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Scroll.java:296:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Scroll.java:296:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Scroll.java:298:	Parameter 'castingDelay' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Scroll.java:298:	Parameter 'cooldown' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Scroll.java:298:	Parameter 'manaCost' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Scroll.java:298:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Scroll.java:298:	Parameter 'page' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Scroll.java:298:	Parameter 'spellWords' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Scroll.java:299:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Scroll.java:299:	Parameter 'reagentCost' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Scroll.java:306:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Scroll.java:310:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Scroll.java:314:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Scroll.java:318:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Scroll.java:322:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Scroll.java:325:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Scroll.java:327:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Scroll.java:329:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Scroll.java:331:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Scroll.java:333:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Scroll.java:335:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Scroll.java:337:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Scroll.java:339:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Scroll.java:345:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Scroll.java:349:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Scroll.java:353:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Scroll.java:357:	The method 'getSpell' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 30.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Scroll.java:357:	The method 'getSpell' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 30.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Scroll.java:357:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Scroll.java:360:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Scroll.java:362:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Scroll.java:364:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Scroll.java:366:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Scroll.java:368:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Scroll.java:370:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Scroll.java:372:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Scroll.java:374:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Scroll.java:376:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Scroll.java:378:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Scroll.java:380:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Scroll.java:382:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Scroll.java:384:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Scroll.java:386:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Scroll.java:388:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Scroll.java:390:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Scroll.java:392:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Scroll.java:394:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Scroll.java:396:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Scroll.java:398:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Scroll.java:400:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Scroll.java:402:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Scroll.java:404:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Scroll.java:406:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Scroll.java:408:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Scroll.java:410:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Scroll.java:412:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Scroll.java:414:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Scroll.java:416:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Scroll.java:422:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Scroll.java:426:	Parameter 'manaCost' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Scroll.java:426:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Scroll.java:430:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Scroll.java:430:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Scroll.java:434:	Parameter 'spellWords' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Scroll.java:434:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spell.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spell.java:14:	Abstract classes should be named AbstractXXX
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spell.java:14:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spell.java:16:	Avoid variables with short names like pm
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spell.java:16:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spell.java:16:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spell.java:17:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spell.java:19:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spell.java:20:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spell.java:21:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spell.java:23:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'tick'
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spell.java:23:	Field tick has the same name as a method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spell.java:23:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spell.java:25:	Parameter 'scroll' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spell.java:25:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spell.java:29:	Parameter 'item' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spell.java:29:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spell.java:33:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spell.java:35:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spell.java:35:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spell.java:37:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spell.java:38:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spell.java:38:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spell.java:41:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spell.java:45:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spell.java:49:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spell.java:53:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spell.java:57:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spell.java:61:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spell.java:65:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spell.java:69:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spell.java:73:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spell.java:77:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spell.java:81:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spell.java:85:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spell.java:89:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spell.java:91:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spell.java:91:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spell.java:93:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spell.java:100:	Parameter 'prompt' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spell.java:100:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spell.java:104:	Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spell.java:104:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spell.java:108:	Parameter 'scroll' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spell.java:108:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spell.java:112:	Parameter 'tick' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spell.java:112:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spell.java:116:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spell.java:116:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spell.java:124:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_ArrowBlast.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_ArrowBlast.java:10:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_ArrowBlast.java:12:	Parameter 'scroll' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_ArrowBlast.java:12:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_ArrowBlast.java:17:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_ArrowBlast.java:17:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_ArrowBlast.java:18:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_ArrowBlast.java:18:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_ArrowBlast.java:18:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_ArrowBlast.java:21:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'spread' (lines '21'-'23').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_ArrowBlast.java:26:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_ArrowBlast.java:30:	Avoid variables with short names like x
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_ArrowBlast.java:31:	Avoid variables with short names like y
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_ArrowBlast.java:32:	Avoid variables with short names like z
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_ArrowBlast.java:34:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_ArrowBlast.java:34:	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_ArrowBlast.java:35:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_ArrowBlast.java:35:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_ArrowBlast.java:35:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_ArrowBlast.java:36:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_ArrowBlast.java:37:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_ArrowBlast.java:42:	Document empty method body
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_ArrowBlast.java:42:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_ArrowBlast.java:42:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_ArrowBlast.java:47:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_ArrowBlast.java:47:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Bridge.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Bridge.java:17:	The class 'SPL_Bridge' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 9 (Highest = 30).
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Bridge.java:17:	The class 'SPL_Bridge' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 12).
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Bridge.java:17:	The class 'SPL_Bridge' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 12).
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Bridge.java:17:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Bridge.java:19:	Parameter 'scroll' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Bridge.java:19:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Bridge.java:26:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'intPoint' (lines '26'-'37').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Bridge.java:26:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Bridge.java:26:	The method 'doAction' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 30.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Bridge.java:26:	The method 'doAction' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 12.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Bridge.java:26:	The method 'doAction' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 12.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Bridge.java:26:	The method doAction() has an NPath complexity of 524290
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Bridge.java:26:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Bridge.java:27:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Bridge.java:27:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Bridge.java:28:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Bridge.java:37:	Avoid variables with short names like b
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Bridge.java:37:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Bridge.java:38:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Bridge.java:38:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Bridge.java:38:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Bridge.java:38:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Bridge.java:38:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Bridge.java:39:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Bridge.java:39:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Bridge.java:40:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Bridge.java:41:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Bridge.java:42:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Bridge.java:42:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Bridge.java:42:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Bridge.java:42:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Bridge.java:42:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Bridge.java:43:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Bridge.java:43:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Bridge.java:44:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Bridge.java:45:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Bridge.java:46:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Bridge.java:46:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Bridge.java:46:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Bridge.java:46:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Bridge.java:46:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Bridge.java:47:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Bridge.java:47:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Bridge.java:48:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Bridge.java:49:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Bridge.java:50:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Bridge.java:50:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Bridge.java:50:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Bridge.java:50:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Bridge.java:50:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Bridge.java:51:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Bridge.java:51:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Bridge.java:52:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Bridge.java:53:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Bridge.java:54:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Bridge.java:54:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Bridge.java:54:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Bridge.java:54:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Bridge.java:54:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Bridge.java:55:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Bridge.java:55:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Bridge.java:56:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Bridge.java:57:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Bridge.java:58:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Bridge.java:58:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Bridge.java:58:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Bridge.java:58:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Bridge.java:58:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Bridge.java:59:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Bridge.java:59:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Bridge.java:60:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Bridge.java:61:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Bridge.java:62:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Bridge.java:62:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Bridge.java:62:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Bridge.java:62:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Bridge.java:62:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Bridge.java:63:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Bridge.java:63:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Bridge.java:64:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Bridge.java:65:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Bridge.java:66:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Bridge.java:66:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Bridge.java:66:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Bridge.java:66:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Bridge.java:66:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Bridge.java:67:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Bridge.java:67:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Bridge.java:68:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Bridge.java:69:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Bridge.java:70:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Bridge.java:70:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Bridge.java:70:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Bridge.java:70:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Bridge.java:70:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Bridge.java:71:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Bridge.java:71:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Bridge.java:72:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Bridge.java:75:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Bridge.java:75:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Bridge.java:75:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Bridge.java:80:	Document empty method body
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Bridge.java:80:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Bridge.java:80:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Bridge.java:85:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Bridge.java:85:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Bridge.java:86:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Bridge.java:89:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Bridge.java:93:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Bridge.java:93:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Bridge.java:93:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Bridge.java:93:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Bridge.java:94:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Bridge.java:94:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Bridge.java:94:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Bridge.java:94:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Bridge.java:96:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Bridge.java:100:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Bridge.java:100:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Chronoport.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Chronoport.java:13:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Chronoport.java:15:	Field chronoTick has the same name as a method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Chronoport.java:15:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Chronoport.java:15:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Chronoport.java:15:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Chronoport.java:17:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Chronoport.java:18:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Chronoport.java:18:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Chronoport.java:18:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Chronoport.java:20:	Parameter 'scroll' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Chronoport.java:20:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Chronoport.java:24:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Chronoport.java:26:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Chronoport.java:28:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Chronoport.java:30:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Chronoport.java:30:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Chronoport.java:32:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Chronoport.java:32:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Chronoport.java:38:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Chronoport.java:38:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Chronoport.java:41:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Chronoport.java:41:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Chronoport.java:45:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Chronoport.java:50:	Document empty method body
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Chronoport.java:50:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Chronoport.java:50:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Chronoport.java:54:	Parameter 'startLoc' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Chronoport.java:54:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Chronoport.java:59:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Chronoport.java:59:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_ClanTeleport.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_ClanTeleport.java:15:	The class 'SPL_ClanTeleport' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 13).
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_ClanTeleport.java:15:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_ClanTeleport.java:17:	Parameter 'scroll' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_ClanTeleport.java:17:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_ClanTeleport.java:23:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_ClanTeleport.java:23:	The method 'doAction' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 13.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_ClanTeleport.java:23:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_ClanTeleport.java:25:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'pseudoPlayer' (lines '25'-'78').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_ClanTeleport.java:26:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_ClanTeleport.java:30:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_ClanTeleport.java:32:	Avoid excessively long variable names like targetPseudoPlayer
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_ClanTeleport.java:33:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_ClanTeleport.java:34:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_ClanTeleport.java:36:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_ClanTeleport.java:36:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_ClanTeleport.java:36:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_ClanTeleport.java:37:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_ClanTeleport.java:39:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_ClanTeleport.java:42:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_ClanTeleport.java:44:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_ClanTeleport.java:48:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_ClanTeleport.java:48:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_ClanTeleport.java:48:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_ClanTeleport.java:48:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_ClanTeleport.java:49:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_ClanTeleport.java:49:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_ClanTeleport.java:49:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_ClanTeleport.java:49:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_ClanTeleport.java:52:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_ClanTeleport.java:56:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_ClanTeleport.java:56:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_ClanTeleport.java:56:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_ClanTeleport.java:56:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_ClanTeleport.java:56:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_ClanTeleport.java:57:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_ClanTeleport.java:57:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_ClanTeleport.java:57:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_ClanTeleport.java:57:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_ClanTeleport.java:57:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_ClanTeleport.java:60:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_ClanTeleport.java:63:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_ClanTeleport.java:65:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_ClanTeleport.java:67:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_ClanTeleport.java:69:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_ClanTeleport.java:70:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_ClanTeleport.java:81:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_ClanTeleport.java:81:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_ClanTeleport.java:86:	Document empty method body
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_ClanTeleport.java:86:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_ClanTeleport.java:86:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_ClanTeleport.java:91:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_ClanTeleport.java:91:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_CreateFood.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_CreateFood.java:12:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_CreateFood.java:14:	Parameter 'scroll' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_CreateFood.java:14:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_CreateFood.java:20:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_CreateFood.java:20:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_CreateFood.java:23:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_CreateFood.java:48:	Document empty method body
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_CreateFood.java:48:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_CreateFood.java:48:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_DetectHidden.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_DetectHidden.java:11:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_DetectHidden.java:13:	Parameter 'scroll' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_DetectHidden.java:13:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_DetectHidden.java:18:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'p' (lines '18'-'20').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_DetectHidden.java:18:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_DetectHidden.java:18:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_DetectHidden.java:20:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_DetectHidden.java:20:	Use equals() to compare object references.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_DetectHidden.java:22:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_DetectHidden.java:23:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_DetectHidden.java:23:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_DetectHidden.java:30:	Document empty method body
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_DetectHidden.java:30:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_DetectHidden.java:30:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_DetectHidden.java:35:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_DetectHidden.java:35:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_FireWalk.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_FireWalk.java:15:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_FireWalk.java:17:	Parameter 'scroll' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_FireWalk.java:17:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_FireWalk.java:22:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_FireWalk.java:22:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_FireWalk.java:25:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'fireWalk' (lines '25'-'31').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_FireWalk.java:26:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_FireWalk.java:27:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_FireWalk.java:27:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_FireWalk.java:28:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_FireWalk.java:34:	Document empty method body
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_FireWalk.java:34:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_FireWalk.java:34:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_FireWalk.java:39:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_FireWalk.java:39:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Fireball.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Fireball.java:10:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Fireball.java:12:	Parameter 'scroll' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Fireball.java:12:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Fireball.java:17:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Fireball.java:17:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Fireball.java:18:	Avoid variables with short names like v
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Fireball.java:18:	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Fireball.java:18:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Fireball.java:20:	Avoid variables with short names like fb
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Fireball.java:20:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Fireball.java:21:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Fireball.java:22:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Fireball.java:26:	Document empty method body
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Fireball.java:26:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Fireball.java:26:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Fireball.java:31:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Fireball.java:31:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Firefield.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Firefield.java:14:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Firefield.java:16:	Parameter 'scroll' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Firefield.java:16:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Firefield.java:23:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Firefield.java:23:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Firefield.java:25:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Firefield.java:26:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Firefield.java:29:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Firefield.java:29:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Firefield.java:31:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Firefield.java:31:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Firefield.java:31:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Firefield.java:31:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Firefield.java:31:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Firefield.java:32:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Firefield.java:32:	Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Firefield.java:32:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Firefield.java:32:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Firefield.java:32:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Firefield.java:32:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Firefield.java:37:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Firefield.java:37:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Firefield.java:42:	Document empty method body
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Firefield.java:42:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Firefield.java:42:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Flare.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Flare.java:14:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Flare.java:16:	Parameter 'scroll' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Flare.java:16:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Flare.java:25:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Flare.java:25:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Flare.java:27:	Avoid variables with short names like fw
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Flare.java:27:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Flare.java:28:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Flare.java:31:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Flare.java:31:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Flare.java:31:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Flare.java:31:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Flare.java:31:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Flare.java:35:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Flare.java:38:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Flare.java:41:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Flare.java:49:	Document empty method body
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Flare.java:49:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Flare.java:49:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Flare.java:59:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Flare.java:59:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Flowers.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Flowers.java:13:	The class 'SPL_Flowers' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 10).
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Flowers.java:13:	The class 'SPL_Flowers' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 10).
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Flowers.java:13:	The class 'SPL_Flowers' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 10).
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Flowers.java:13:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Flowers.java:15:	Parameter 'scroll' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Flowers.java:15:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Flowers.java:22:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'block' (lines '22'-'39').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Flowers.java:22:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'block' (lines '22'-'41').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Flowers.java:22:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Flowers.java:22:	The method 'doAction' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Flowers.java:22:	The method 'doAction' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Flowers.java:22:	The method 'doAction' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Flowers.java:22:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Flowers.java:24:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Flowers.java:25:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Flowers.java:28:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Flowers.java:28:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Flowers.java:30:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Flowers.java:30:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Flowers.java:30:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Flowers.java:31:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Flowers.java:31:	Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Flowers.java:31:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Flowers.java:31:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Flowers.java:31:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Flowers.java:31:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Flowers.java:38:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Flowers.java:39:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Flowers.java:40:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Flowers.java:40:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Flowers.java:47:	Document empty method body
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Flowers.java:47:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Flowers.java:47:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Forcepush.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Forcepush.java:17:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Forcepush.java:19:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Forcepush.java:19:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Forcepush.java:19:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Forcepush.java:21:	Parameter 'scroll' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Forcepush.java:21:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Forcepush.java:26:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'lE' (lines '26'-'28').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Forcepush.java:26:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Forcepush.java:26:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Forcepush.java:27:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Forcepush.java:30:	Avoid variables with short names like p
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Forcepush.java:34:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Forcepush.java:35:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Forcepush.java:35:	Avoid variables with short names like v
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Forcepush.java:35:	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Forcepush.java:36:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Forcepush.java:36:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Forcepush.java:36:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Forcepush.java:37:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Forcepush.java:37:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Forcepush.java:37:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Forcepush.java:38:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Forcepush.java:38:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Forcepush.java:38:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Forcepush.java:39:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Forcepush.java:40:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Forcepush.java:41:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Forcepush.java:41:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Forcepush.java:41:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Forcepush.java:42:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Forcepush.java:44:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Forcepush.java:50:	Document empty method body
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Forcepush.java:50:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Forcepush.java:50:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Forcepush.java:54:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Forcepush.java:54:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Forcepush.java:59:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_GateTravel.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_GateTravel.java:21:	The class 'SPL_GateTravel' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 6 (Highest = 18).
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_GateTravel.java:21:	The class 'SPL_GateTravel' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 11).
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_GateTravel.java:21:	The class 'SPL_GateTravel' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 11).
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_GateTravel.java:21:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_GateTravel.java:23:	Parameter 'scroll' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_GateTravel.java:23:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_GateTravel.java:33:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'rune' (lines '33'-'44').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_GateTravel.java:33:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_GateTravel.java:33:	The method 'doAction' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 18.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_GateTravel.java:33:	The method 'doAction' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_GateTravel.java:33:	The method 'doAction' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_GateTravel.java:33:	The method doAction() has an NPath complexity of 1998
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_GateTravel.java:33:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_GateTravel.java:36:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_GateTravel.java:37:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_GateTravel.java:38:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'runeFound' (lines '38'-'45').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_GateTravel.java:40:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'count' (lines '40'-'107').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_GateTravel.java:42:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_GateTravel.java:42:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_GateTravel.java:44:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_GateTravel.java:44:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_GateTravel.java:44:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_GateTravel.java:48:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'count' (lines '48'-'107').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_GateTravel.java:53:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_GateTravel.java:56:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_GateTravel.java:58:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_GateTravel.java:58:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_GateTravel.java:60:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_GateTravel.java:63:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_GateTravel.java:65:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_GateTravel.java:67:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_GateTravel.java:71:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_GateTravel.java:71:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_GateTravel.java:71:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_GateTravel.java:71:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_GateTravel.java:72:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_GateTravel.java:73:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_GateTravel.java:73:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_GateTravel.java:73:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_GateTravel.java:73:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_GateTravel.java:74:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_GateTravel.java:74:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_GateTravel.java:74:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_GateTravel.java:74:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_GateTravel.java:75:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_GateTravel.java:76:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_GateTravel.java:76:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_GateTravel.java:76:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_GateTravel.java:77:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_GateTravel.java:79:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_GateTravel.java:80:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_GateTravel.java:81:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_GateTravel.java:82:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_GateTravel.java:85:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_GateTravel.java:85:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_GateTravel.java:85:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_GateTravel.java:86:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_GateTravel.java:86:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_GateTravel.java:86:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_GateTravel.java:88:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_GateTravel.java:91:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_GateTravel.java:91:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_GateTravel.java:91:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_GateTravel.java:92:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_GateTravel.java:92:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_GateTravel.java:97:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_GateTravel.java:97:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_GateTravel.java:97:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_GateTravel.java:100:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_GateTravel.java:102:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_GateTravel.java:106:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_GateTravel.java:114:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_GateTravel.java:114:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_GateTravel.java:119:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_GateTravel.java:119:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Grass.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Grass.java:13:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Grass.java:15:	Parameter 'scroll' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Grass.java:15:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Grass.java:26:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'block' (lines '26'-'42').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Grass.java:26:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Grass.java:26:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Grass.java:29:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Grass.java:30:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Grass.java:33:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Grass.java:33:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Grass.java:33:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Grass.java:33:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Grass.java:35:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Grass.java:35:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Grass.java:35:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Grass.java:36:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Grass.java:36:	Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Grass.java:36:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Grass.java:36:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Grass.java:36:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Grass.java:36:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Grass.java:41:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Grass.java:51:	Document empty method body
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Grass.java:51:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Grass.java:51:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_HealOther.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_HealOther.java:11:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_HealOther.java:13:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_HealOther.java:15:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_HealOther.java:15:	This final field could be made static
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_HealOther.java:15:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_HealOther.java:17:	Parameter 'scroll' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_HealOther.java:17:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_HealOther.java:22:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_HealOther.java:22:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_HealOther.java:24:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_HealOther.java:24:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_HealOther.java:25:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_HealOther.java:25:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_HealOther.java:30:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_HealOther.java:35:	Document empty method body
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_HealOther.java:35:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_HealOther.java:35:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_HealOther.java:38:	Parameter 'foundPlayer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_HealOther.java:38:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_HealOther.java:43:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_HealOther.java:43:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_HealOther.java:44:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_HealOther.java:47:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_HealOther.java:49:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_HealOther.java:49:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_HealSelf.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_HealSelf.java:8:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_HealSelf.java:10:	Parameter 'scroll' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_HealSelf.java:10:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_HealSelf.java:15:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_HealSelf.java:15:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_HealSelf.java:18:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_HealSelf.java:18:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_HealSelf.java:24:	Document empty method body
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_HealSelf.java:24:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_HealSelf.java:24:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_HealSelf.java:29:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_HealSelf.java:29:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Iceball.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Iceball.java:14:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Iceball.java:16:	Parameter 'scroll' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Iceball.java:16:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Iceball.java:23:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'block' (lines '23'-'36').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Iceball.java:23:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Iceball.java:23:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Iceball.java:26:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Iceball.java:27:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Iceball.java:30:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Iceball.java:30:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Iceball.java:30:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Iceball.java:30:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Iceball.java:31:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Iceball.java:31:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Iceball.java:31:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Iceball.java:31:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Iceball.java:35:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Iceball.java:38:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Iceball.java:38:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Iceball.java:43:	Document empty method body
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Iceball.java:43:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Iceball.java:43:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Light.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Light.java:12:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Light.java:14:	Parameter 'scroll' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Light.java:14:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Light.java:21:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Light.java:21:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Light.java:26:	Document empty method body
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Light.java:26:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Light.java:26:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Light.java:30:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Light.java:30:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Light.java:31:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Light.java:34:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Light.java:38:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Light.java:41:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Light.java:42:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Light.java:42:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Light.java:42:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Light.java:43:	Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Light.java:43:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Light.java:43:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Light.java:44:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Light.java:45:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Lightning.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Lightning.java:12:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Lightning.java:14:	Parameter 'scroll' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Lightning.java:14:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Lightning.java:21:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'p' (lines '21'-'28').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Lightning.java:21:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Lightning.java:21:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Lightning.java:23:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Lightning.java:23:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Lightning.java:24:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Lightning.java:24:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Lightning.java:27:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Lightning.java:28:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Lightning.java:30:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Lightning.java:30:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Lightning.java:35:	Document empty method body
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Lightning.java:35:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Lightning.java:35:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Mark.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Mark.java:17:	The class 'SPL_Mark' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 11).
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Mark.java:17:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Mark.java:19:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'markLoc'
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Mark.java:19:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Mark.java:21:	Parameter 'scroll' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Mark.java:21:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Mark.java:27:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'rune' (lines '27'-'38').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Mark.java:27:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Mark.java:27:	The method 'doAction' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Mark.java:27:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Mark.java:28:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'pseudoPlayer' (lines '28'-'52').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Mark.java:30:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Mark.java:32:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Mark.java:33:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Mark.java:34:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Mark.java:35:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Mark.java:36:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'foundMatching' (lines '36'-'39').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Mark.java:37:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Mark.java:38:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Mark.java:38:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Mark.java:38:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Mark.java:42:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Mark.java:44:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Mark.java:45:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Mark.java:46:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Mark.java:48:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Mark.java:50:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Mark.java:54:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Mark.java:59:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Mark.java:59:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Mark.java:64:	Document empty method body
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Mark.java:64:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Mark.java:64:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Mark.java:68:	Parameter 'markLoc' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Mark.java:68:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Mark.java:73:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Mark.java:73:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Mark.java:75:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Mark.java:75:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Mark.java:76:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Mark.java:76:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Mark.java:76:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Mark.java:79:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Mark.java:82:	Avoid unnecessary if..then..else statements when returning booleans
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Mark.java:82:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Mark.java:83:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_MoonJump.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_MoonJump.java:11:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_MoonJump.java:13:	Parameter 'scroll' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_MoonJump.java:13:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_MoonJump.java:18:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_MoonJump.java:18:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_MoonJump.java:24:	Document empty method body
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_MoonJump.java:24:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_MoonJump.java:24:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_MoonJump.java:29:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_MoonJump.java:29:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_PermanentGateTravel.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_PermanentGateTravel.java:21:	The class 'SPL_PermanentGateTravel' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 6 (Highest = 18).
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_PermanentGateTravel.java:21:	The class 'SPL_PermanentGateTravel' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 11).
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_PermanentGateTravel.java:21:	The class 'SPL_PermanentGateTravel' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 11).
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_PermanentGateTravel.java:21:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_PermanentGateTravel.java:22:	Parameter 'scroll' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_PermanentGateTravel.java:22:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_PermanentGateTravel.java:32:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'rune' (lines '32'-'44').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_PermanentGateTravel.java:32:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_PermanentGateTravel.java:32:	The method 'doAction' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 18.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_PermanentGateTravel.java:32:	The method 'doAction' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_PermanentGateTravel.java:32:	The method 'doAction' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_PermanentGateTravel.java:32:	The method doAction() has an NPath complexity of 1998
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_PermanentGateTravel.java:32:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_PermanentGateTravel.java:36:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_PermanentGateTravel.java:37:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_PermanentGateTravel.java:38:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'runeFound' (lines '38'-'45').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_PermanentGateTravel.java:40:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'count' (lines '40'-'108').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_PermanentGateTravel.java:42:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_PermanentGateTravel.java:42:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_PermanentGateTravel.java:44:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_PermanentGateTravel.java:44:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_PermanentGateTravel.java:44:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_PermanentGateTravel.java:48:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'count' (lines '48'-'108').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_PermanentGateTravel.java:53:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_PermanentGateTravel.java:56:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_PermanentGateTravel.java:58:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_PermanentGateTravel.java:58:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_PermanentGateTravel.java:62:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_PermanentGateTravel.java:67:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_PermanentGateTravel.java:72:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_PermanentGateTravel.java:72:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_PermanentGateTravel.java:72:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_PermanentGateTravel.java:72:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_PermanentGateTravel.java:73:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_PermanentGateTravel.java:74:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_PermanentGateTravel.java:74:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_PermanentGateTravel.java:74:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_PermanentGateTravel.java:74:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_PermanentGateTravel.java:75:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_PermanentGateTravel.java:75:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_PermanentGateTravel.java:75:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_PermanentGateTravel.java:75:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_PermanentGateTravel.java:76:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_PermanentGateTravel.java:77:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_PermanentGateTravel.java:77:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_PermanentGateTravel.java:77:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_PermanentGateTravel.java:78:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_PermanentGateTravel.java:80:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_PermanentGateTravel.java:81:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_PermanentGateTravel.java:82:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_PermanentGateTravel.java:83:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_PermanentGateTravel.java:86:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_PermanentGateTravel.java:86:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_PermanentGateTravel.java:86:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_PermanentGateTravel.java:87:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_PermanentGateTravel.java:87:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_PermanentGateTravel.java:87:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_PermanentGateTravel.java:89:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_PermanentGateTravel.java:92:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_PermanentGateTravel.java:92:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_PermanentGateTravel.java:92:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_PermanentGateTravel.java:93:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_PermanentGateTravel.java:93:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_PermanentGateTravel.java:98:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_PermanentGateTravel.java:98:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_PermanentGateTravel.java:98:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_PermanentGateTravel.java:101:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_PermanentGateTravel.java:103:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_PermanentGateTravel.java:107:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_PermanentGateTravel.java:115:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_PermanentGateTravel.java:115:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_PermanentGateTravel.java:120:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_PermanentGateTravel.java:120:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Recall.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Recall.java:20:	The class 'SPL_Recall' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 6 (Highest = 20).
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Recall.java:20:	The class 'SPL_Recall' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 12).
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Recall.java:20:	The class 'SPL_Recall' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 12).
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Recall.java:20:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Recall.java:22:	Parameter 'scroll' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Recall.java:22:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Recall.java:32:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'rune' (lines '32'-'43').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Recall.java:32:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Recall.java:32:	The method 'doAction' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 20.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Recall.java:32:	The method 'doAction' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 12.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Recall.java:32:	The method 'doAction' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 12.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Recall.java:32:	The method doAction() has an NPath complexity of 1197
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Recall.java:32:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Recall.java:38:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'runeFound' (lines '38'-'44').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Recall.java:39:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'count' (lines '39'-'102').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Recall.java:41:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Recall.java:43:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Recall.java:43:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Recall.java:47:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'count' (lines '47'-'102').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Recall.java:50:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'usingSpawn' (lines '50'-'53').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Recall.java:50:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'usingSpawn' (lines '50'-'102').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Recall.java:53:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'usingSpawn' (lines '53'-'102').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Recall.java:55:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Recall.java:56:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Recall.java:56:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Recall.java:58:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Recall.java:60:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Recall.java:60:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Recall.java:61:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Recall.java:61:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Recall.java:62:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Recall.java:62:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Recall.java:68:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Recall.java:70:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Recall.java:71:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Recall.java:74:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Recall.java:74:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Recall.java:75:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Recall.java:75:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Recall.java:75:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Recall.java:76:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Recall.java:79:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Recall.java:79:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Recall.java:79:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Recall.java:80:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Recall.java:80:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Recall.java:80:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Recall.java:87:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Recall.java:91:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Recall.java:99:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Recall.java:101:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Recall.java:109:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Recall.java:109:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Recall.java:114:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Recall.java:114:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Slowfield.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Slowfield.java:14:	The class 'SPL_Slowfield' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 10).
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Slowfield.java:14:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Slowfield.java:16:	Parameter 'scroll' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Slowfield.java:16:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Slowfield.java:27:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'block' (lines '27'-'42').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Slowfield.java:27:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Slowfield.java:27:	The method 'doAction' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Slowfield.java:27:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Slowfield.java:29:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Slowfield.java:30:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Slowfield.java:33:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Slowfield.java:33:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Slowfield.java:35:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Slowfield.java:35:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Slowfield.java:35:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Slowfield.java:35:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Slowfield.java:35:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Slowfield.java:36:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Slowfield.java:36:	Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Slowfield.java:36:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Slowfield.java:36:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Slowfield.java:36:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Slowfield.java:36:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Slowfield.java:41:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Slowfield.java:44:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Slowfield.java:44:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Slowfield.java:53:	Document empty method body
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Slowfield.java:53:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Slowfield.java:53:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_StoneSkin.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_StoneSkin.java:11:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_StoneSkin.java:13:	Parameter 'scroll' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_StoneSkin.java:13:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_StoneSkin.java:18:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_StoneSkin.java:18:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_StoneSkin.java:27:	Document empty method body
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_StoneSkin.java:27:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_StoneSkin.java:27:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_StoneSkin.java:32:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_StoneSkin.java:32:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_SummonAnimal.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_SummonAnimal.java:11:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_SummonAnimal.java:13:	Parameter 'scroll' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_SummonAnimal.java:13:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_SummonAnimal.java:20:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_SummonAnimal.java:20:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_SummonAnimal.java:22:	Avoid variables with short names like e
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_SummonAnimal.java:24:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_SummonAnimal.java:25:	A switch statement does not contain a break
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_SummonAnimal.java:25:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_SummonAnimal.java:25:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_SummonAnimal.java:27:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'e' (lines '27'-'38').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_SummonAnimal.java:27:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'e' (lines '27'-'41').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_SummonAnimal.java:27:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'e' (lines '27'-'44').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_SummonAnimal.java:27:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'e' (lines '27'-'47').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_SummonAnimal.java:27:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'e' (lines '27'-'50').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_SummonAnimal.java:30:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'e' (lines '30'-'32').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_SummonAnimal.java:32:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'e' (lines '32'-'38').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_SummonAnimal.java:32:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'e' (lines '32'-'41').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_SummonAnimal.java:32:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'e' (lines '32'-'44').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_SummonAnimal.java:32:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'e' (lines '32'-'47').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_SummonAnimal.java:32:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'e' (lines '32'-'50').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_SummonAnimal.java:36:	A switch statement does not contain a break
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_SummonAnimal.java:36:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_SummonAnimal.java:36:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_SummonAnimal.java:53:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_SummonAnimal.java:53:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_SummonAnimal.java:53:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_SummonAnimal.java:58:	Document empty method body
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_SummonAnimal.java:58:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_SummonAnimal.java:58:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_SummonMonster.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_SummonMonster.java:11:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_SummonMonster.java:13:	Parameter 'scroll' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_SummonMonster.java:13:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_SummonMonster.java:20:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_SummonMonster.java:20:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_SummonMonster.java:22:	Avoid variables with short names like e
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_SummonMonster.java:27:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_SummonMonster.java:28:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_SummonMonster.java:28:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_SummonMonster.java:30:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'e' (lines '30'-'42').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_SummonMonster.java:30:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'e' (lines '30'-'45').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_SummonMonster.java:30:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'e' (lines '30'-'48').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_SummonMonster.java:30:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'e' (lines '30'-'51').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_SummonMonster.java:30:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'e' (lines '30'-'54').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_SummonMonster.java:30:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'e' (lines '30'-'57').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_SummonMonster.java:33:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'e' (lines '33'-'42').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_SummonMonster.java:33:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'e' (lines '33'-'45').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_SummonMonster.java:33:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'e' (lines '33'-'48').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_SummonMonster.java:33:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'e' (lines '33'-'51').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_SummonMonster.java:33:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'e' (lines '33'-'54').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_SummonMonster.java:33:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'e' (lines '33'-'57').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_SummonMonster.java:36:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'e' (lines '36'-'42').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_SummonMonster.java:36:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'e' (lines '36'-'45').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_SummonMonster.java:36:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'e' (lines '36'-'48').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_SummonMonster.java:36:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'e' (lines '36'-'51').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_SummonMonster.java:36:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'e' (lines '36'-'54').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_SummonMonster.java:36:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'e' (lines '36'-'57').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_SummonMonster.java:40:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_SummonMonster.java:40:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_SummonMonster.java:61:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_SummonMonster.java:61:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_SummonMonster.java:61:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_SummonMonster.java:65:	Document empty method body
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_SummonMonster.java:65:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_SummonMonster.java:65:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Teleport.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Teleport.java:15:	The class 'SPL_Teleport' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 12).
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Teleport.java:15:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Teleport.java:17:	Parameter 'scroll' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Teleport.java:17:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Teleport.java:27:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Teleport.java:27:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Teleport.java:30:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Teleport.java:30:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Teleport.java:31:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Teleport.java:31:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Teleport.java:35:	Parameter 'block' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Teleport.java:36:	Avoid unnecessary if..then..else statements when returning booleans
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Teleport.java:36:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Teleport.java:36:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Teleport.java:36:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Teleport.java:36:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Teleport.java:37:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Teleport.java:37:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Teleport.java:37:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Teleport.java:38:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Teleport.java:47:	Document empty method body
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Teleport.java:47:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Teleport.java:47:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Teleport.java:52:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Teleport.java:52:	The method 'verifyCastable' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 12.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Teleport.java:52:	The method verifyCastable() has an NPath complexity of 325
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Teleport.java:52:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Teleport.java:53:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Teleport.java:54:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Teleport.java:54:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Teleport.java:54:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Teleport.java:55:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Teleport.java:58:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Teleport.java:58:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Teleport.java:60:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Teleport.java:63:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ceiling' (lines '63'-'68').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Teleport.java:64:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Teleport.java:64:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Teleport.java:65:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Teleport.java:65:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Teleport.java:66:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Teleport.java:66:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Teleport.java:66:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Teleport.java:66:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Teleport.java:67:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Teleport.java:70:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'wall' (lines '70'-'73').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Teleport.java:71:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Teleport.java:72:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Teleport.java:72:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Teleport.java:74:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Teleport.java:77:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Teleport.java:78:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Teleport.java:82:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Teleport.java:85:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Teleport.java:85:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Teleport.java:85:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Teleport.java:85:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Teleport.java:86:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Teleport.java:86:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Teleport.java:86:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Teleport.java:88:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Teleport.java:92:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Teleport.java:92:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Teleport.java:92:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_Teleport.java:94:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_WallOfStone.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_WallOfStone.java:14:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_WallOfStone.java:16:	Parameter 'scroll' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_WallOfStone.java:16:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_WallOfStone.java:23:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_WallOfStone.java:23:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_WallOfStone.java:27:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_WallOfStone.java:27:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_WallOfStone.java:31:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_WallOfStone.java:32:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_WallOfStone.java:41:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_WallOfStone.java:43:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_WallOfStone.java:44:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_WallOfStone.java:48:	Avoid variables with short names like b
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_WallOfStone.java:48:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'b' (lines '48'-'48').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_WallOfStone.java:48:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'b' (lines '48'-'60').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_WallOfStone.java:52:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_WallOfStone.java:52:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_WallOfStone.java:52:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_WallOfStone.java:53:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_WallOfStone.java:53:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_WallOfStone.java:53:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_WallOfStone.java:63:	Document empty method body
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_WallOfStone.java:63:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Spells/SPL_WallOfStone.java:63:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Bridge.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Bridge.java:12:	The class 'Bridge' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 6 (Highest = 11).
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Bridge.java:12:	The class 'Bridge' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 6 (Highest = 11).
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Bridge.java:12:	The class 'Bridge' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 6 (Highest = 11).
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Bridge.java:12:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Bridge.java:14:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Bridge.java:14:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Bridge.java:16:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Bridge.java:16:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Bridge.java:18:	Avoid excessively long variable names like numTicksTillCleanup
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Bridge.java:18:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Bridge.java:18:	Parameter 'blocks' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Bridge.java:18:	Parameter 'numTicksTillCleanup' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Bridge.java:18:	Parameter 'uuid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Bridge.java:18:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Bridge.java:23:	The method 'tick' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Bridge.java:23:	The method 'tick' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Bridge.java:23:	The method 'tick' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Bridge.java:23:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Bridge.java:27:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Bridge.java:31:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Bridge.java:31:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Bridge.java:32:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Bridge.java:32:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Bridge.java:33:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'maxSize' (lines '33'-'35').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Bridge.java:34:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Bridge.java:37:	Avoid variables with short names like b
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Bridge.java:38:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Bridge.java:38:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Bridge.java:38:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Bridge.java:38:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Bridge.java:39:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Bridge.java:39:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Bridge.java:41:	Avoid empty if statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Bridge.java:41:	Avoid empty if statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Bridge.java:46:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Bridge.java:46:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Bridge.java:49:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Bridge.java:52:	Avoid variables with short names like b
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Bridge.java:53:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Bridge.java:53:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Bridge.java:54:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Bridge.java:55:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/FireField.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/FireField.java:11:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/FireField.java:13:	Avoid excessively long variable names like numTicksTillCleanup
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/FireField.java:13:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/FireField.java:13:	Parameter 'blocks' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/FireField.java:13:	Parameter 'numTicksTillCleanup' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/FireField.java:13:	Parameter 'uuid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/FireField.java:13:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/FireField.java:15:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/FireWalk.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/FireWalk.java:15:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/FireWalk.java:17:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'ms' (lines '17'-'21').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/FireWalk.java:17:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/FireWalk.java:17:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/FireWalk.java:18:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'player' (lines '18'-'27').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/FireWalk.java:19:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/FireWalk.java:19:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/FireWalk.java:19:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/FireWalk.java:19:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/FireWalk.java:19:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/FireWalk.java:19:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/FireWalk.java:19:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/FireWalk.java:19:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/FireWalk.java:20:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/FireWalk.java:21:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/FireWalk.java:22:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/FireWalk.java:22:	Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/FireWalk.java:22:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/FireWalk.java:22:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/FireWalk.java:22:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/FireWalk.java:23:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/FireWalk.java:23:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/FireWalk.java:23:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/FireWalk.java:23:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/FireWalk.java:24:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/FireWalk.java:24:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/FireWalk.java:25:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/FireWalk.java:25:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/FireWalk.java:29:	Avoid excessively long variable names like numTicksTillCleanup
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/FireWalk.java:29:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/FireWalk.java:29:	Parameter 'blocks' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/FireWalk.java:29:	Parameter 'numTicksTillCleanup' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/FireWalk.java:29:	Parameter 'uuid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/FireWalk.java:29:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/FireWalk.java:34:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/FireWalk.java:35:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/FireWalk.java:36:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/FireWalk.java:37:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Gate.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Gate.java:31:	Avoid short class names like Gate
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Gate.java:31:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Gate.java:33:	Parameter 'block' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Gate.java:33:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Gate.java:33:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Gate.java:35:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Gate.java:35:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Gate.java:35:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Gate.java:36:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Gate.java:38:	Avoid variables with short names like ms
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Gate.java:41:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'targetLoc' (lines '41'-'43').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Gate.java:41:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'targetLoc' (lines '41'-'45').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Gate.java:42:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Gate.java:43:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Gate.java:43:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Gate.java:43:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Gate.java:44:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Gate.java:44:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Gate.java:45:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Gate.java:45:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Gate.java:46:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Gate.java:51:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Gate.java:51:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Gate.java:52:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Gate.java:52:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Gate.java:52:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Gate.java:56:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Gate.java:56:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Gate.java:57:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Gate.java:59:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'player' (lines '59'-'74').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Gate.java:60:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Gate.java:60:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Gate.java:61:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Gate.java:62:	Avoid variables with short names like ms
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Gate.java:62:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'ms' (lines '62'-'74').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Gate.java:63:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Gate.java:64:	No need to check for null before an instanceof
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Gate.java:65:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Gate.java:66:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Gate.java:67:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Gate.java:69:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Gate.java:69:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Gate.java:71:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Gate.java:76:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Gate.java:76:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Gate.java:78:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'pPlayer' (lines '78'-'92').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Gate.java:79:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Gate.java:79:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Gate.java:79:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Gate.java:80:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Gate.java:80:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Gate.java:80:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Gate.java:81:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Gate.java:81:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Gate.java:83:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Gate.java:83:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Gate.java:83:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Gate.java:84:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Gate.java:85:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Gate.java:86:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Gate.java:86:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Gate.java:87:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Gate.java:87:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Gate.java:88:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Gate.java:88:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Gate.java:94:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Gate.java:94:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Gate.java:94:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Gate.java:96:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Gate.java:96:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Gate.java:96:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Gate.java:98:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Gate.java:98:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Gate.java:101:	Avoid excessively long variable names like numTicksTillCleanup
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Gate.java:101:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Gate.java:101:	Parameter 'blocks' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Gate.java:101:	Parameter 'direction' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Gate.java:101:	Parameter 'numTicksTillCleanup' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Gate.java:101:	Parameter 'uuid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Gate.java:101:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Gate.java:104:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Gate.java:105:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Gate.java:110:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Gate.java:110:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Gate.java:117:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Gate.java:118:	Avoid variables with short names like s
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Gate.java:120:	Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Gate.java:120:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Gate.java:121:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Gate.java:122:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Gate.java:123:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Gate.java:124:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Gate.java:125:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Gate.java:126:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Gate.java:127:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Gate.java:128:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Gate.java:133:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Gate.java:137:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Gate.java:142:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Gate.java:146:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Gate.java:150:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Gate.java:151:	Avoid variables with short names like s
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Gate.java:153:	Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Gate.java:153:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Gate.java:154:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Gate.java:155:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Gate.java:156:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Gate.java:157:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Gate.java:158:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Gate.java:159:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Gate.java:160:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Gate.java:165:	Parameter 'block' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Gate.java:165:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Gate.java:166:	Avoid unnecessary if..then..else statements when returning booleans
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Gate.java:166:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Gate.java:167:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Gate.java:171:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Gate.java:176:	Parameter 'block' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Gate.java:176:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Gate.java:177:	Avoid unnecessary if..then..else statements when returning booleans
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Gate.java:177:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Gate.java:178:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Gate.java:182:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Gate.java:183:	Avoid variables with short names like s
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Gate.java:185:	Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Gate.java:185:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Gate.java:186:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Gate.java:187:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Gate.java:188:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Gate.java:189:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Gate.java:190:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Gate.java:191:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Gate.java:192:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Gate.java:196:	Parameter 'direction' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Gate.java:196:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Gate.java:200:	Parameter 'location' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Gate.java:200:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Gate.java:201:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Gate.java:204:	Parameter 'location' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Gate.java:204:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Gate.java:205:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Iceball.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Iceball.java:12:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Iceball.java:14:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Iceball.java:16:	Avoid excessively long variable names like numTicksTillCleanup
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Iceball.java:16:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Iceball.java:16:	Parameter 'blocks' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Iceball.java:16:	Parameter 'leaveSnow' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Iceball.java:16:	Parameter 'numTicksTillCleanup' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Iceball.java:16:	Parameter 'uuid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Iceball.java:16:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Iceball.java:22:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Iceball.java:25:	Avoid variables with short names like b
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Iceball.java:26:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Iceball.java:26:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Iceball.java:26:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Iceball.java:27:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'blockBelow' (lines '27'-'27').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Iceball.java:27:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'blockBelow' (lines '27'-'38').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Iceball.java:27:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Iceball.java:27:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Iceball.java:27:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Iceball.java:27:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Iceball.java:27:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Iceball.java:27:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Iceball.java:29:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Iceball.java:30:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Iceball.java:30:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Iceball.java:30:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Iceball.java:32:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Iceball.java:32:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Iceball.java:32:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Iceball.java:34:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Iceball.java:34:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Iceball.java:34:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Iceball.java:40:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Iceball.java:44:	Parameter 'leaveSnow' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/Iceball.java:44:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/PermanentGate.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/PermanentGate.java:14:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/PermanentGate.java:19:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/PermanentGate.java:19:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/PermanentGate.java:21:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/PermanentGate.java:21:	Parameter 'blocks' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/PermanentGate.java:21:	Parameter 'direction' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/PermanentGate.java:21:	Parameter 'uuid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/PermanentGate.java:21:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/PermanentGate.java:26:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/PermanentGate.java:26:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/PermanentGate.java:26:	Parameter 'blocks' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/PermanentGate.java:26:	Parameter 'direction' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/PermanentGate.java:26:	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/PermanentGate.java:26:	Parameter 'uuid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/PermanentGate.java:26:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/PermanentGate.java:31:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/PermanentGate.java:35:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/PermanentGate.java:35:	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/PermanentGate.java:35:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/WallOfStone.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/WallOfStone.java:12:	The class 'WallOfStone' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 6 (Highest = 11).
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/WallOfStone.java:12:	The class 'WallOfStone' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 6 (Highest = 11).
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/WallOfStone.java:12:	The class 'WallOfStone' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 6 (Highest = 11).
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/WallOfStone.java:12:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/WallOfStone.java:14:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/WallOfStone.java:14:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/WallOfStone.java:16:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/WallOfStone.java:16:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/WallOfStone.java:18:	Avoid excessively long variable names like numTicksTillCleanup
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/WallOfStone.java:18:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/WallOfStone.java:18:	Parameter 'blocks' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/WallOfStone.java:18:	Parameter 'numTicksTillCleanup' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/WallOfStone.java:18:	Parameter 'uuid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/WallOfStone.java:18:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/WallOfStone.java:23:	The method 'tick' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/WallOfStone.java:23:	The method 'tick' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/WallOfStone.java:23:	The method 'tick' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/WallOfStone.java:23:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/WallOfStone.java:27:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/WallOfStone.java:31:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/WallOfStone.java:31:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/WallOfStone.java:32:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/WallOfStone.java:32:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/WallOfStone.java:33:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/WallOfStone.java:33:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/WallOfStone.java:34:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'maxSize' (lines '34'-'36').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/WallOfStone.java:35:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/WallOfStone.java:38:	Avoid variables with short names like b
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/WallOfStone.java:39:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/WallOfStone.java:39:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/WallOfStone.java:39:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/WallOfStone.java:39:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/WallOfStone.java:39:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/WallOfStone.java:40:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/WallOfStone.java:40:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/WallOfStone.java:42:	Avoid empty if statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/WallOfStone.java:42:	Avoid empty if statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/WallOfStone.java:46:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/WallOfStone.java:46:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/WallOfStone.java:47:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/WallOfStone.java:47:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/WallOfStone.java:50:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/WallOfStone.java:53:	Avoid variables with short names like b
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/WallOfStone.java:54:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/WallOfStone.java:54:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/WallOfStone.java:55:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/WallOfStone.java:56:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/WebTrap.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/WebTrap.java:10:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/WebTrap.java:12:	Avoid excessively long variable names like numTicksTillCleanup
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/WebTrap.java:12:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/WebTrap.java:12:	Parameter 'blocks' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/WebTrap.java:12:	Parameter 'numTicksTillCleanup' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/WebTrap.java:12:	Parameter 'uuid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Spells/Structures/WebTrap.java:12:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Tasks/DelayedTask.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Tasks/DelayedTask.java:5:	Abstract classes should be named AbstractXXX
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Tasks/DelayedTask.java:5:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Tasks/DelayedTask.java:7:	Avoid variables with short names like tm
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Tasks/DelayedTask.java:7:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Tasks/DelayedTask.java:7:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Tasks/DelayedTask.java:9:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Tasks/DelayedTask.java:9:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Tasks/DelayedTask.java:11:	Parameter 'delay' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Tasks/DelayedTask.java:11:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Tasks/DelayedTask.java:16:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Tasks/DelayedTask.java:20:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Tasks/DelayedTask.java:24:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Tasks/DelayedTask.java:26:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Tasks/GuardTask.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Tasks/GuardTask.java:18:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Tasks/GuardTask.java:20:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Tasks/GuardTask.java:21:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Tasks/GuardTask.java:23:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Tasks/GuardTask.java:23:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Tasks/GuardTask.java:23:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Tasks/GuardTask.java:24:	Avoid variables with short names like pm
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Tasks/GuardTask.java:24:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Tasks/GuardTask.java:24:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Tasks/GuardTask.java:24:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Tasks/GuardTask.java:26:	Parameter 'delay' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Tasks/GuardTask.java:26:	Parameter 'guard' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Tasks/GuardTask.java:26:	Parameter 'target' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Tasks/GuardTask.java:26:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Tasks/GuardTask.java:33:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Tasks/GuardTask.java:37:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Tasks/GuardTask.java:42:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Tasks/GuardTask.java:45:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Tasks/GuardTask.java:47:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Tasks/GuardTask.java:52:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Tasks/GuardTask.java:54:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Tasks/GuardTask.java:54:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Tasks/GuardTask.java:54:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Tasks/GuardTask.java:54:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Tasks/GuardTask.java:54:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Tasks/GuardTask.java:55:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Tasks/GuardTask.java:56:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Tasks/GuardTask.java:58:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Tasks/GuardTask.java:59:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Tasks/GuardTask.java:64:	Parameter 'guard' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Tasks/GuardTask.java:64:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Tasks/GuardTask.java:68:	Parameter 'target' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Tasks/GuardTask.java:68:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Tasks/Task.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Tasks/Task.java:3:	Avoid short class names like Task
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Tasks/Task.java:3:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Tasks/Task.java:5:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Tasks/Task.java:5:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:10:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:12:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:12:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:13:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:13:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:14:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:14:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:15:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:15:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:16:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:16:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:16:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:17:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:17:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:17:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:18:	Avoid using implementation types like 'Vector'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:18:	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:18:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:18:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:19:	Avoid using implementation types like 'Vector'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:19:	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:19:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:19:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:20:	Avoid using implementation types like 'Vector'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:20:	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:20:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:20:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:28:	Parameter 'loc' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:32:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:42:	Parameter 'checkDistance' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:42:	Parameter 'loc' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:42:	Parameter 'maxDistance' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:46:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:60:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:60:	Parameter 'blocksToIgnore' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:60:	Parameter 'checkDistance' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:60:	Parameter 'loc' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:60:	Parameter 'maxDistance' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:65:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:79:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:79:	Parameter 'blocksToIgnore' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:79:	Parameter 'checkDistance' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:79:	Parameter 'loc' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:79:	Parameter 'maxDistance' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:89:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:93:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:103:	Parameter 'checkDistance' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:103:	Parameter 'maxDistance' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:103:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:107:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:121:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:121:	Parameter 'blocksToIgnore' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:121:	Parameter 'checkDistance' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:121:	Parameter 'maxDistance' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:121:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:126:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:140:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:140:	Parameter 'blocksToIgnore' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:140:	Parameter 'checkDistance' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:140:	Parameter 'maxDistance' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:140:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:144:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'i' (lines '144'-'148').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:144:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:145:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:146:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:146:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:147:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:148:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:148:	Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:149:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:153:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:153:	Parameter 'array' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:153:	Return an empty array rather than null.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:155:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'intarray' (lines '155'-'158').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:156:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:158:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'intarray' (lines '158'-'160').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:160:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'intarray' (lines '160'-'158').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:162:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:174:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:174:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:176:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:186:	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:186:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:186:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:187:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:187:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:187:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:187:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:190:	Avoid variables with short names like x
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:190:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:191:	Avoid variables with short names like y
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:191:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:192:	Avoid variables with short names like z
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:192:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:203:	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:203:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:203:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:204:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:204:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:204:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:204:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:207:	Avoid variables with short names like x
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:207:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:208:	Avoid variables with short names like y
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:208:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:209:	Avoid variables with short names like z
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:209:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:220:	The String literal "deprecation" appears 6 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 220
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:222:	Avoid using while statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:224:	Avoid empty while statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:224:	Avoid empty while statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:225:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:226:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:226:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:228:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:241:	Avoid variables with short names like h
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:241:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:241:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:242:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:242:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:243:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:243:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:244:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:244:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:246:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:246:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:246:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:246:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:247:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:247:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:247:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:247:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:247:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:248:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:248:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:248:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:248:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:253:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:254:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:278:	Avoid using while statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:280:	Avoid empty while statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:280:	Avoid empty while statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:291:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:291:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:291:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:291:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:301:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:301:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:301:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:301:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:311:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:311:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:311:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:311:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:315:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:315:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:315:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:315:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:315:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:316:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:316:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:327:	Parameter 'type' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:329:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:330:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:339:	Parameter 'type' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:343:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:353:	Parameter 'type' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:355:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:356:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:366:	Parameter 'type' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:367:	Avoid using while statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:369:	Avoid empty while statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:369:	Avoid empty while statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:373:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:377:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:390:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:390:	Parameter 'blocksToIgnore' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:390:	Parameter 'checkDistance' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:390:	Parameter 'loc' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:390:	Parameter 'maxDistance' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:390:	Parameter 'viewPos' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/AimBlock.java:390:	The user-supplied array 'blocksToIgnore' is stored directly.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Bresenham.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Bresenham.java:5:	All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Bresenham.java:5:	The class 'Bresenham' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 20 (Highest = 19).
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Bresenham.java:5:	The class 'Bresenham' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 17 (Highest = 16).
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Bresenham.java:5:	The class 'Bresenham' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 17 (Highest = 16).
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Bresenham.java:5:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Bresenham.java:6:	Avoid really long methods.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Bresenham.java:6:	Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'x'
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Bresenham.java:6:	Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'x'
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Bresenham.java:6:	Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'x'
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Bresenham.java:6:	Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'y'
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Bresenham.java:6:	Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'y'
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Bresenham.java:6:	Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'y'
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Bresenham.java:6:	Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'z'
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Bresenham.java:6:	Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'z'
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Bresenham.java:6:	Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'z'
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Bresenham.java:6:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Bresenham.java:6:	Avoid variables with short names like x
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Bresenham.java:6:	Avoid variables with short names like xx
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Bresenham.java:6:	Avoid variables with short names like y
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Bresenham.java:6:	Avoid variables with short names like yy
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Bresenham.java:6:	Avoid variables with short names like z
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Bresenham.java:6:	Avoid variables with short names like zz
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Bresenham.java:6:	Parameter 'xx' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Bresenham.java:6:	Parameter 'yy' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Bresenham.java:6:	Parameter 'zz' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Bresenham.java:6:	The method 'bresenham3d' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 19.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Bresenham.java:6:	The method 'bresenham3d' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 16.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Bresenham.java:6:	The method 'bresenham3d' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 16.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Bresenham.java:6:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Bresenham.java:9:	Avoid variables with short names like dx
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Bresenham.java:10:	Avoid variables with short names like dy
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Bresenham.java:11:	Avoid variables with short names like dz
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Bresenham.java:15:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'step_x' (lines '15'-'22').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Bresenham.java:15:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'step_x' (lines '15'-'24').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Bresenham.java:15:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'step_x' is not final.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Bresenham.java:16:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'step_y' (lines '16'-'28').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Bresenham.java:16:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'step_y' (lines '16'-'30').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Bresenham.java:16:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'step_y' is not final.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Bresenham.java:17:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'step_z' (lines '17'-'34').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Bresenham.java:17:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'step_z' (lines '17'-'36').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Bresenham.java:17:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'step_z' is not final.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Bresenham.java:22:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Bresenham.java:22:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'step_x' (lines '22'-'178').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Bresenham.java:24:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'step_x' (lines '24'-'178').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Bresenham.java:28:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Bresenham.java:28:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'step_y' (lines '28'-'178').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Bresenham.java:30:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'step_y' (lines '30'-'178').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Bresenham.java:34:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Bresenham.java:34:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'step_z' (lines '34'-'178').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Bresenham.java:36:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'step_z' (lines '36'-'178').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Bresenham.java:43:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'dx2' (lines '43'-'178').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Bresenham.java:44:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'dy2' (lines '44'-'178').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Bresenham.java:45:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'dz2' (lines '45'-'178').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Bresenham.java:47:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'err_termXY' (lines '47'-'140').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Bresenham.java:47:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'err_termXY' (lines '47'-'57').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Bresenham.java:47:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'err_termXY' (lines '47'-'99').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Bresenham.java:47:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'err_termXY' (lines '47'-'178').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Bresenham.java:47:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'err_termXY' is not final.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Bresenham.java:48:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'err_termXZ' (lines '48'-'100').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Bresenham.java:48:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'err_termXZ' (lines '48'-'141').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Bresenham.java:48:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'err_termXZ' (lines '48'-'58').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Bresenham.java:48:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'err_termXZ' (lines '48'-'178').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Bresenham.java:48:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'err_termXZ' is not final.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Bresenham.java:57:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'err_termXY' (lines '57'-'178').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Bresenham.java:58:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'err_termXZ' (lines '58'-'178').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Bresenham.java:67:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Bresenham.java:99:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'err_termXY' (lines '99'-'178').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Bresenham.java:100:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'err_termXZ' (lines '100'-'178').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Bresenham.java:108:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Bresenham.java:140:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'err_termXY' (lines '140'-'178').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Bresenham.java:141:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'err_termXZ' (lines '141'-'178').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Bresenham.java:149:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/IntPoint.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/IntPoint.java:3:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/IntPoint.java:4:	Avoid variables with short names like x
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/IntPoint.java:4:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/IntPoint.java:4:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/IntPoint.java:5:	Avoid variables with short names like y
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/IntPoint.java:5:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/IntPoint.java:5:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/IntPoint.java:6:	Avoid variables with short names like z
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/IntPoint.java:6:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/IntPoint.java:6:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/IntPoint.java:8:	Avoid variables with short names like x
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/IntPoint.java:8:	Avoid variables with short names like y
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/IntPoint.java:8:	Avoid variables with short names like z
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/IntPoint.java:8:	Parameter 'x' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/IntPoint.java:8:	Parameter 'y' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/IntPoint.java:8:	Parameter 'z' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/IntPoint.java:8:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/ItemUtils.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/ItemUtils.java:1:	Possible God class (WMC=72, ATFD=145, TCC=0.0)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/ItemUtils.java:14:	All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/ItemUtils.java:14:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/ItemUtils.java:16:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/ItemUtils.java:18:	The String literal "AAA" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 18
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/ItemUtils.java:18:	The String literal "SAS" appears 9 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 18
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/ItemUtils.java:18:	The String literal "SSS" appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 18
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/ItemUtils.java:37:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'i' (lines '37'-'40').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/ItemUtils.java:37:	Parameter 'inventory' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/ItemUtils.java:37:	Parameter 'mat' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/ItemUtils.java:37:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/ItemUtils.java:39:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/ItemUtils.java:40:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/ItemUtils.java:40:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/ItemUtils.java:45:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/ItemUtils.java:45:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/ItemUtils.java:46:	Do not use the short type
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/ItemUtils.java:46:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/ItemUtils.java:49:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/ItemUtils.java:50:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/ItemUtils.java:55:	Parameter 'players' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/ItemUtils.java:55:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/ItemUtils.java:57:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/ItemUtils.java:58:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/ItemUtils.java:58:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/ItemUtils.java:58:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/ItemUtils.java:58:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/ItemUtils.java:62:	Parameter 'players' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/ItemUtils.java:62:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/ItemUtils.java:64:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/ItemUtils.java:65:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/ItemUtils.java:69:	Parameter 'item' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/ItemUtils.java:69:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/ItemUtils.java:73:	Parameter 'cost' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/ItemUtils.java:73:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/ItemUtils.java:77:	Parameter 'item' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/ItemUtils.java:77:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/ItemUtils.java:81:	Parameter 'item' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/ItemUtils.java:81:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/ItemUtils.java:86:	Parameter 'item' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/ItemUtils.java:86:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/ItemUtils.java:90:	Parameter 'item' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/ItemUtils.java:90:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/ItemUtils.java:98:	Parameter 'item' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/ItemUtils.java:98:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/ItemUtils.java:102:	Parameter 'item' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/ItemUtils.java:102:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/ItemUtils.java:107:	Parameter 'item' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/ItemUtils.java:107:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/ItemUtils.java:111:	Parameter 'item' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/ItemUtils.java:111:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/ItemUtils.java:116:	Parameter 'item' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/ItemUtils.java:116:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/ItemUtils.java:120:	Parameter 'item' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/ItemUtils.java:120:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/ItemUtils.java:128:	Parameter 'item' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/ItemUtils.java:128:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/ItemUtils.java:132:	Parameter 'item' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/ItemUtils.java:132:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/ItemUtils.java:137:	Parameter 'item' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/ItemUtils.java:137:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/ItemUtils.java:141:	Parameter 'item' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/ItemUtils.java:141:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/ItemUtils.java:145:	Parameter 'item' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/ItemUtils.java:145:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/ItemUtils.java:149:	Parameter 'item' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/ItemUtils.java:149:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/ItemUtils.java:157:	Parameter 'item' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/ItemUtils.java:157:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/ItemUtils.java:161:	Parameter 'item' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/ItemUtils.java:161:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/ItemUtils.java:166:	Parameter 'item' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/ItemUtils.java:166:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/ItemUtils.java:170:	Parameter 'item' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/ItemUtils.java:170:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/ItemUtils.java:174:	Parameter 'item' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/ItemUtils.java:174:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/ItemUtils.java:178:	Parameter 'item' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/ItemUtils.java:178:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/ItemUtils.java:183:	Parameter 'item' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/ItemUtils.java:183:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/ItemUtils.java:187:	Parameter 'item' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/ItemUtils.java:187:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/ItemUtils.java:193:	Parameter 'item' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/ItemUtils.java:193:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/ItemUtils.java:197:	Parameter 'item' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/ItemUtils.java:197:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/ItemUtils.java:204:	Parameter 'item' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/ItemUtils.java:204:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/ItemUtils.java:208:	Parameter 'item' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/ItemUtils.java:208:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/ItemUtils.java:213:	Parameter 'item' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/ItemUtils.java:213:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/ItemUtils.java:217:	Parameter 'item' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/ItemUtils.java:217:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/ItemUtils.java:223:	Parameter 'item' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/ItemUtils.java:223:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/ItemUtils.java:227:	Parameter 'item' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/ItemUtils.java:227:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/ItemUtils.java:231:	Parameter 'item' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/ItemUtils.java:231:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/ItemUtils.java:235:	Parameter 'item' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/ItemUtils.java:235:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/ItemUtils.java:240:	Parameter 'item' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/ItemUtils.java:240:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/ItemUtils.java:244:	Parameter 'item' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/ItemUtils.java:244:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/ItemUtils.java:248:	Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'amount'
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/ItemUtils.java:248:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'is' (lines '248'-'250').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/ItemUtils.java:248:	Parameter 'inv' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/ItemUtils.java:248:	Parameter 'type' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/ItemUtils.java:248:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/ItemUtils.java:249:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/ItemUtils.java:250:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/ItemUtils.java:251:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/ItemUtils.java:253:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/ItemUtils.java:257:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/ItemUtils.java:259:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:1:	A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:1:	Possible God class (WMC=92, ATFD=257, TCC=0.0)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:36:	All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:36:	The class 'Output' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 18).
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:36:	The class 'Output' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 14).
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:36:	The class 'Output' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 14).
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:36:	This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:36:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:38:	Avoid variables with short names like pm
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:38:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:38:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:40:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'p' (lines '40'-'42').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:40:	Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:40:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:45:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:48:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'p' (lines '48'-'51').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:48:	Parameter 'location' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:48:	Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:48:	Parameter 'range' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:48:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:49:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'players' (lines '49'-'54').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:51:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:51:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:54:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'players' (lines '54'-'54').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:59:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:59:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:64:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:64:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:76:	Parameter 'sender' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:76:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:82:	Parameter 'sender' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:82:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:84:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:86:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:89:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'title' (lines '89'-'93').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:89:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:89:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:92:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:92:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:96:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:96:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:96:	Parameter 'sender' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:96:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:97:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:99:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:103:	Avoid variables with short names like p
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:105:	Avoid excessively long variable names like targetPseudoPlayer
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:108:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:109:	Avoid unnecessary return statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:109:	Avoid unnecessary return statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:112:	Parameter 'gainAmount' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:112:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:112:	Parameter 'skillName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:112:	Parameter 'totalSkill' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:112:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:113:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:119:	Document empty method body
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:119:	Parameter 'sender' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:119:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:123:	Parameter 'sender' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:123:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:127:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:127:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:131:	Parameter 'clan' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:131:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:131:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:133:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:134:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:143:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'p' (lines '143'-'146').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:143:	Parameter 'sender' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:143:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:145:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:146:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:152:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:156:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:156:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:156:	Parameter 'split' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:156:	The method 'outputRunebook' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 18.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:156:	The method 'outputRunebook' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 14.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:156:	The method 'outputRunebook' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 14.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:156:	The method outputRunebook() has an NPath complexity of 744
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:156:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:158:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:160:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:161:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:164:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:165:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:167:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:168:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:168:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:169:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:169:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:169:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:174:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:176:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:177:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:180:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:182:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:182:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:183:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'page' (lines '183'-'185').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:185:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'page' (lines '185'-'187').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:185:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:186:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:198:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:203:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:203:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:204:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:204:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:204:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:204:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:204:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:205:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:207:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:207:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:209:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:209:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:212:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:212:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:213:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:213:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:213:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:213:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:213:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:214:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:217:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:220:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:220:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 's' (lines '220'-'233').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:220:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:220:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:220:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:222:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:227:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:230:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:230:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:234:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:234:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:234:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:235:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:240:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:244:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 's' (lines '244'-'257').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:244:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:244:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:246:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:252:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:253:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:253:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:253:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:254:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:255:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:256:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:256:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:258:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:261:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:265:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:265:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'scroll' (lines '265'-'293').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:265:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:265:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:265:	The method 'outputSpellbook' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 13.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:265:	The method 'outputSpellbook' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 12.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:265:	The method 'outputSpellbook' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 12.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:265:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:267:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'spellbook' (lines '267'-'326').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:267:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:268:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:270:	Position literals first in String comparisons for EqualsIgnoreCase
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:270:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:273:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pageNumber' (lines '273'-'275').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:273:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:274:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:277:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:280:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:285:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'minMagery' (lines '285'-'287').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:286:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:286:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:290:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:291:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:291:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:292:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:295:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:297:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:297:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:297:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:297:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:298:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:299:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:301:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:306:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:308:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:311:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:328:	Parameter 'sender' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:328:	Parameter 'whoPseudoPlayer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:328:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:332:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:333:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:338:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:339:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:339:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:341:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:344:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:344:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:347:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:348:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:348:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:349:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:350:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:351:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:352:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:353:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:353:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:358:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:358:	Parameter 'plot' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:358:	The method 'plotInfo' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 15.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:358:	The method 'plotInfo' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 14.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:358:	The method 'plotInfo' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 14.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:358:	The method plotInfo() has an NPath complexity of 3072
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:358:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:362:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:362:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:364:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:364:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:365:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:367:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:367:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:369:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:369:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:370:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:371:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'owner' (lines '371'-'438').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:373:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:373:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:374:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:374:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:375:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:375:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:377:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:377:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:382:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:382:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:384:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:384:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:390:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:392:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:394:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:396:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:399:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:400:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:401:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:401:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:403:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:408:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:408:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:409:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:412:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:412:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:413:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:417:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:417:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:417:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:418:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:419:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:421:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:422:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:422:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:424:	Avoid excessively long variable names like distanceFromCenter
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:425:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:425:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:425:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:425:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:426:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:426:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:429:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:429:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:430:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:440:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:440:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:444:	Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:444:	Parameter 'sender' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:444:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:448:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'p' (lines '448'-'451').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:448:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:448:	Parameter 'string' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:448:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:450:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:451:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:455:	Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:455:	Parameter 'sender' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Output.java:455:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/RegionUtils.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/RegionUtils.java:8:	All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/RegionUtils.java:8:	The class 'RegionUtils' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 5 (Highest = 10).
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/RegionUtils.java:8:	The class 'RegionUtils' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 5 (Highest = 10).
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/RegionUtils.java:8:	The class 'RegionUtils' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 5 (Highest = 10).
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/RegionUtils.java:8:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/RegionUtils.java:10:	Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'height'
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/RegionUtils.java:10:	Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'height'
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/RegionUtils.java:10:	Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'pos'
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/RegionUtils.java:10:	Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'radius'
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/RegionUtils.java:10:	The method 'getCylinder' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/RegionUtils.java:10:	The method 'getCylinder' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/RegionUtils.java:10:	The method 'getCylinder' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/RegionUtils.java:10:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/RegionUtils.java:11:	Avoid variables with short names like rs
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/RegionUtils.java:11:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'rs' (lines '11'-'58').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/RegionUtils.java:13:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/RegionUtils.java:18:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/RegionUtils.java:18:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/RegionUtils.java:25:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/RegionUtils.java:26:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/RegionUtils.java:26:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/RegionUtils.java:27:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/RegionUtils.java:29:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'invRadius' (lines '29'-'58').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/RegionUtils.java:33:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'nextXn' (lines '33'-'58').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/RegionUtils.java:35:	Avoid variables with short names like xn
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/RegionUtils.java:35:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'xn' (lines '35'-'35').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/RegionUtils.java:35:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'xn' (lines '35'-'58').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/RegionUtils.java:36:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'nextXn' (lines '36'-'58').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/RegionUtils.java:37:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'nextZn' (lines '37'-'37').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/RegionUtils.java:37:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'nextZn' (lines '37'-'58').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/RegionUtils.java:39:	Avoid variables with short names like zn
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/RegionUtils.java:40:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'nextZn' (lines '40'-'37').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/RegionUtils.java:40:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'nextZn' (lines '40'-'58').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/RegionUtils.java:43:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/RegionUtils.java:44:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/RegionUtils.java:50:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/RegionUtils.java:50:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/RegionUtils.java:50:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/RegionUtils.java:51:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/RegionUtils.java:51:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/RegionUtils.java:51:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/RegionUtils.java:52:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/RegionUtils.java:52:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/RegionUtils.java:52:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/RegionUtils.java:53:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/RegionUtils.java:53:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/RegionUtils.java:53:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/RegionUtils.java:60:	Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'radius'
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/RegionUtils.java:60:	Parameter 'pos' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/RegionUtils.java:60:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/RegionUtils.java:61:	Avoid variables with short names like rs
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/RegionUtils.java:63:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/RegionUtils.java:67:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'invRadius' (lines '67'-'106').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/RegionUtils.java:71:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'nextXn' (lines '71'-'106').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/RegionUtils.java:73:	Avoid variables with short names like xn
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/RegionUtils.java:73:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'xn' (lines '73'-'73').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/RegionUtils.java:73:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'xn' (lines '73'-'106').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/RegionUtils.java:74:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'nextXn' (lines '74'-'106').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/RegionUtils.java:75:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'nextYn' (lines '75'-'75').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/RegionUtils.java:75:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'nextYn' (lines '75'-'106').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/RegionUtils.java:77:	Avoid variables with short names like yn
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/RegionUtils.java:77:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'yn' (lines '77'-'77').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/RegionUtils.java:77:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'yn' (lines '77'-'106').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/RegionUtils.java:78:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'nextYn' (lines '78'-'75').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/RegionUtils.java:78:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'nextYn' (lines '78'-'106').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/RegionUtils.java:79:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'nextZn' (lines '79'-'79').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/RegionUtils.java:79:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'nextZn' (lines '79'-'106').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/RegionUtils.java:81:	Avoid variables with short names like zn
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/RegionUtils.java:82:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'nextZn' (lines '82'-'79').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/RegionUtils.java:82:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'nextZn' (lines '82'-'106').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/RegionUtils.java:85:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/RegionUtils.java:87:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/RegionUtils.java:94:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/RegionUtils.java:94:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/RegionUtils.java:94:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/RegionUtils.java:95:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/RegionUtils.java:95:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/RegionUtils.java:95:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/RegionUtils.java:96:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/RegionUtils.java:96:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/RegionUtils.java:96:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/RegionUtils.java:97:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/RegionUtils.java:97:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/RegionUtils.java:97:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/RegionUtils.java:98:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/RegionUtils.java:98:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/RegionUtils.java:98:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/RegionUtils.java:99:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/RegionUtils.java:99:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/RegionUtils.java:99:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/RegionUtils.java:100:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/RegionUtils.java:100:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/RegionUtils.java:100:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/RegionUtils.java:101:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/RegionUtils.java:101:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/RegionUtils.java:101:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/RegionUtils.java:108:	Avoid variables with short names like x
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/RegionUtils.java:108:	Avoid variables with short names like z
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/RegionUtils.java:108:	Parameter 'x' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/RegionUtils.java:108:	Parameter 'z' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/RegionUtils.java:112:	Avoid variables with short names like x
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/RegionUtils.java:112:	Avoid variables with short names like y
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/RegionUtils.java:112:	Avoid variables with short names like z
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/RegionUtils.java:112:	Parameter 'x' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/RegionUtils.java:112:	Parameter 'y' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/RegionUtils.java:112:	Parameter 'z' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Serializer.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Serializer.java:24:	All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Serializer.java:24:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Serializer.java:26:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Serializer.java:28:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Serializer.java:30:	Parameter 'items' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Serializer.java:30:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Serializer.java:33:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '33'-'35').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Serializer.java:34:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Serializer.java:35:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '35'-'35').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Serializer.java:35:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Serializer.java:36:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Serializer.java:37:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Serializer.java:43:	Parameter 'item' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Serializer.java:43:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Serializer.java:45:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Serializer.java:46:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Serializer.java:48:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Serializer.java:49:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Serializer.java:51:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Serializer.java:56:	Parameter 'locationString' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Serializer.java:56:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Serializer.java:58:	Avoid variables with short names like jo
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Serializer.java:61:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Serializer.java:61:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Serializer.java:61:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Serializer.java:62:	Avoid variables with short names like x
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Serializer.java:62:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Serializer.java:63:	Avoid variables with short names like y
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Serializer.java:63:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Serializer.java:64:	Avoid variables with short names like z
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Serializer.java:64:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Serializer.java:65:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Serializer.java:66:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Serializer.java:68:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Serializer.java:70:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Serializer.java:75:	Parameter 'data' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Serializer.java:75:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Serializer.java:80:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Serializer.java:84:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Serializer.java:85:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Serializer.java:90:	Parameter 'stack' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Serializer.java:90:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Serializer.java:98:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Serializer.java:99:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Serializer.java:100:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Serializer.java:105:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Serializer.java:105:	Parameter 'items' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Serializer.java:105:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Serializer.java:107:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '107'-'112').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Serializer.java:110:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Serializer.java:111:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Serializer.java:112:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '112'-'112').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Serializer.java:114:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Serializer.java:115:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Serializer.java:120:	Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'item'
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Serializer.java:120:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Serializer.java:122:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Serializer.java:124:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Serializer.java:125:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Serializer.java:130:	Parameter 'location' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Serializer.java:130:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Serializer.java:131:	If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Serializer.java:132:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Serializer.java:132:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/SpellUtils.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/SpellUtils.java:20:	All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/SpellUtils.java:20:	The class 'SpellUtils' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 8 (Highest = 19).
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/SpellUtils.java:20:	The class 'SpellUtils' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 7 (Highest = 19).
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/SpellUtils.java:20:	The class 'SpellUtils' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 7 (Highest = 19).
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/SpellUtils.java:20:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/SpellUtils.java:22:	Avoid variables with short names like pm
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/SpellUtils.java:22:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/SpellUtils.java:22:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/SpellUtils.java:24:	Avoid using implementation types like 'HashSet'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/SpellUtils.java:24:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/SpellUtils.java:31:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/SpellUtils.java:31:	Parameter 'range' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/SpellUtils.java:31:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/SpellUtils.java:33:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'targetBlock'
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/SpellUtils.java:36:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/SpellUtils.java:36:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'lE' (lines '36'-'48').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/SpellUtils.java:36:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'p' (lines '36'-'45').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/SpellUtils.java:36:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/SpellUtils.java:36:	Parameter 'pseudoPlayer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/SpellUtils.java:36:	Parameter 'range' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/SpellUtils.java:36:	The method 'enemiesInLOS' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 19.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/SpellUtils.java:36:	The method 'enemiesInLOS' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 19.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/SpellUtils.java:36:	The method 'enemiesInLOS' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 19.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/SpellUtils.java:36:	The method enemiesInLOS() has an NPath complexity of 3120
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/SpellUtils.java:36:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/SpellUtils.java:37:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/SpellUtils.java:37:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'aimHit' (lines '37'-'86').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/SpellUtils.java:44:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/SpellUtils.java:47:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/SpellUtils.java:48:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/SpellUtils.java:49:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/SpellUtils.java:49:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/SpellUtils.java:54:	Avoid excessively long variable names like livingEntitiesInRange
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/SpellUtils.java:55:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/SpellUtils.java:57:	Avoid variables with short names like p
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/SpellUtils.java:58:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/SpellUtils.java:58:	Use equals() to compare object references.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/SpellUtils.java:60:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/SpellUtils.java:61:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/SpellUtils.java:61:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/SpellUtils.java:61:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/SpellUtils.java:61:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/SpellUtils.java:63:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/SpellUtils.java:64:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/SpellUtils.java:64:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/SpellUtils.java:64:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/SpellUtils.java:67:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/SpellUtils.java:67:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/SpellUtils.java:69:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/SpellUtils.java:72:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'validTargets' (lines '72'-'86').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/SpellUtils.java:73:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/SpellUtils.java:73:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/SpellUtils.java:74:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/SpellUtils.java:76:	Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/SpellUtils.java:78:	Avoid variables with short names like b
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/SpellUtils.java:79:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/SpellUtils.java:80:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/SpellUtils.java:81:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/SpellUtils.java:81:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/SpellUtils.java:84:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/SpellUtils.java:88:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/SpellUtils.java:88:	Parameter 'range' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/SpellUtils.java:88:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/SpellUtils.java:93:	Parameter 'location' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/SpellUtils.java:93:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/SpellUtils.java:93:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/SpellUtils.java:95:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/SpellUtils.java:96:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/SpellUtils.java:97:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/SpellUtils.java:98:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/SpellUtils.java:98:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/SpellUtils.java:100:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/SpellUtils.java:106:	Parameter 'loc' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/SpellUtils.java:106:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/SpellUtils.java:106:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/SpellUtils.java:107:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/SpellUtils.java:108:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/SpellUtils.java:109:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/SpellUtils.java:110:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/SpellUtils.java:110:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/SpellUtils.java:110:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/SpellUtils.java:112:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/SpellUtils.java:117:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'p' (lines '117'-'123').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/SpellUtils.java:117:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/SpellUtils.java:117:	Parameter 'range' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/SpellUtils.java:117:	The method 'playerInLOS' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 14.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/SpellUtils.java:117:	The method 'playerInLOS' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/SpellUtils.java:117:	The method 'playerInLOS' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/SpellUtils.java:117:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/SpellUtils.java:118:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/SpellUtils.java:118:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'aimHit' (lines '118'-'151').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/SpellUtils.java:122:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/SpellUtils.java:123:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/SpellUtils.java:123:	Use equals() to compare object references.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/SpellUtils.java:124:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/SpellUtils.java:124:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/SpellUtils.java:124:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/SpellUtils.java:125:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/SpellUtils.java:127:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/SpellUtils.java:127:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/SpellUtils.java:127:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/SpellUtils.java:128:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/SpellUtils.java:132:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'clan' (lines '132'-'151').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/SpellUtils.java:132:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/SpellUtils.java:133:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'party' (lines '133'-'151').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/SpellUtils.java:133:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/SpellUtils.java:135:	Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/SpellUtils.java:136:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'firstNeutralFound' (lines '136'-'151').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/SpellUtils.java:138:	Avoid variables with short names like b
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/SpellUtils.java:138:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/SpellUtils.java:139:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/SpellUtils.java:140:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/SpellUtils.java:141:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/SpellUtils.java:141:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/SpellUtils.java:142:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/SpellUtils.java:142:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/SpellUtils.java:142:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/SpellUtils.java:142:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/SpellUtils.java:143:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/SpellUtils.java:145:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/SpellUtils.java:146:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'firstNeutralFound' (lines '146'-'151').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/SpellUtils.java:149:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/TabUtils.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/TabUtils.java:16:	All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/TabUtils.java:16:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/TabUtils.java:18:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/TabUtils.java:18:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/TabUtils.java:20:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/TabUtils.java:24:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/TabUtils.java:24:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'option' (lines '24'-'27').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/TabUtils.java:24:	Method names should not start with capital letters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/TabUtils.java:24:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/TabUtils.java:24:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/TabUtils.java:26:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/TabUtils.java:28:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/TabUtils.java:29:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/TabUtils.java:29:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/TabUtils.java:34:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'option' (lines '34'-'38').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/TabUtils.java:34:	Method names should not start with capital letters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/TabUtils.java:34:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/TabUtils.java:34:	Parameter 'exclude' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/TabUtils.java:34:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/TabUtils.java:36:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'excludes' (lines '36'-'46').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/TabUtils.java:38:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/TabUtils.java:40:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/TabUtils.java:40:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/TabUtils.java:42:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/TabUtils.java:42:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/TabUtils.java:48:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/TabUtils.java:48:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'option' (lines '48'-'56').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/TabUtils.java:48:	Method names should not start with capital letters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/TabUtils.java:48:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/TabUtils.java:48:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/TabUtils.java:48:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/TabUtils.java:52:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/TabUtils.java:53:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/TabUtils.java:54:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/TabUtils.java:56:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/TabUtils.java:58:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/TabUtils.java:58:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/TabUtils.java:64:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/TabUtils.java:64:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'option' (lines '64'-'68').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/TabUtils.java:64:	Method names should not start with capital letters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/TabUtils.java:64:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/TabUtils.java:64:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/TabUtils.java:64:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/TabUtils.java:65:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'plot' (lines '65'-'71').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/TabUtils.java:67:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/TabUtils.java:68:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/TabUtils.java:68:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/TabUtils.java:73:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'option' (lines '73'-'76').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/TabUtils.java:73:	Method names should not start with capital letters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/TabUtils.java:73:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/TabUtils.java:73:	Parameter 'options' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/TabUtils.java:73:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/TabUtils.java:75:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/TabUtils.java:76:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/TabUtils.java:76:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Title.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Title.java:5:	All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Title.java:5:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Title.java:8:	Parameter 'fadeIn' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Title.java:8:	Parameter 'fadeOut' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Title.java:8:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Title.java:8:	Parameter 'stay' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Title.java:8:	Parameter 'title' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Title.java:8:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Title.java:9:	Parameter 'subtitle' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Title.java:14:	Parameter 'fadeIn' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Title.java:14:	Parameter 'fadeOut' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Title.java:14:	Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Title.java:14:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Title.java:14:	Parameter 'stay' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Title.java:14:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Title.java:18:	Parameter 'footer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Title.java:18:	Parameter 'header' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Title.java:18:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Title.java:18:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Title.java:52:	Parameter 'fadeIn' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Title.java:52:	Parameter 'fadeOut' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Title.java:52:	Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Title.java:52:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Title.java:52:	Parameter 'stay' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Title.java:52:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Title.java:57:	Parameter 'fadeIn' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Title.java:57:	Parameter 'fadeOut' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Title.java:57:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Title.java:57:	Parameter 'stay' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Title.java:57:	Parameter 'title' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Title.java:57:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Title.java:58:	Parameter 'subtitle' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Utils.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Utils.java:1:	Possible God class (WMC=67, ATFD=66, TCC=0.0)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Utils.java:34:	All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Utils.java:34:	The class 'Utils' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 25).
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Utils.java:34:	The class 'Utils' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 25).
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Utils.java:34:	The class 'Utils' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 25).
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Utils.java:34:	This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Utils.java:34:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Utils.java:36:	Avoid variables with short names like pm
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Utils.java:36:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Utils.java:36:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Utils.java:38:	Parameter 'amplifier' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Utils.java:38:	Parameter 'duration' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Utils.java:38:	Parameter 'force' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Utils.java:38:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Utils.java:38:	Parameter 'type' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Utils.java:38:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Utils.java:39:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Utils.java:44:	Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'duration'
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Utils.java:44:	Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'duration'
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Utils.java:44:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'pe' (lines '44'-'47').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Utils.java:44:	Parameter 'amplifier' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Utils.java:44:	Parameter 'force' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Utils.java:44:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Utils.java:44:	Parameter 'type' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Utils.java:44:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Utils.java:45:	Parameter 'increase' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Utils.java:46:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Utils.java:47:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Utils.java:47:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Utils.java:47:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Utils.java:48:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Utils.java:50:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Utils.java:55:	Parameter 'newDamage' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Utils.java:55:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Utils.java:55:	The method 'adjustDamageForArmor' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 25.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Utils.java:55:	The method 'adjustDamageForArmor' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 25.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Utils.java:55:	The method 'adjustDamageForArmor' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 25.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Utils.java:55:	The method adjustDamageForArmor() has an NPath complexity of 390625
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Utils.java:55:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Utils.java:58:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Utils.java:59:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Utils.java:60:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Utils.java:61:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Utils.java:65:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Utils.java:66:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Utils.java:67:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Utils.java:68:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Utils.java:69:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Utils.java:72:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Utils.java:73:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Utils.java:74:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Utils.java:75:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Utils.java:76:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Utils.java:79:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Utils.java:80:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Utils.java:81:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Utils.java:82:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Utils.java:83:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Utils.java:86:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Utils.java:87:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Utils.java:88:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Utils.java:89:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Utils.java:90:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Utils.java:99:	Parameter 'bol' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Utils.java:99:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Utils.java:103:	Parameter 'bol' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Utils.java:103:	Parameter 'ifFalse' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Utils.java:103:	Parameter 'ifTrue' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Utils.java:103:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Utils.java:107:	Parameter 'loc1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Utils.java:107:	Parameter 'loc2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Utils.java:107:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Utils.java:111:	Parameter 'loc1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Utils.java:111:	Parameter 'loc2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Utils.java:111:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Utils.java:117:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Utils.java:121:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Utils.java:121:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Utils.java:123:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Utils.java:124:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Utils.java:127:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Utils.java:127:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Utils.java:129:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Utils.java:130:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Utils.java:134:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Utils.java:134:	Parameter 'argsnr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Utils.java:134:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Utils.java:134:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Utils.java:135:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Utils.java:136:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Utils.java:141:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Utils.java:141:	Parameter 'argsnr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Utils.java:141:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Utils.java:141:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Utils.java:142:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Utils.java:143:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Utils.java:148:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Utils.java:148:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Utils.java:150:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Utils.java:151:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Utils.java:155:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'p' (lines '155'-'158').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Utils.java:155:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Utils.java:155:	Parameter 'radius' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Utils.java:155:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Utils.java:157:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Utils.java:158:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Utils.java:163:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Utils.java:163:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Utils.java:163:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Utils.java:167:	Parameter 'loc1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Utils.java:167:	Parameter 'loc2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Utils.java:167:	Parameter 'radius' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Utils.java:167:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Utils.java:168:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Utils.java:171:	Parameter 'list' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Utils.java:171:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Utils.java:175:	Parameter 'list' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Utils.java:175:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Utils.java:176:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Utils.java:179:	Avoid variables with short names like x
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Utils.java:179:	Parameter 'x' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Utils.java:179:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Utils.java:183:	Parameter 'command' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Utils.java:183:	Parameter 'hoverText' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Utils.java:183:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Utils.java:183:	Parameter 'text' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Utils.java:183:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Utils.java:187:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Utils.java:190:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'uuid' (lines '190'-'193').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Utils.java:190:	Method names should not start with capital letters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Utils.java:190:	Parameter 'list' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Utils.java:190:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Utils.java:192:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Utils.java:197:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'p' (lines '197'-'200').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Utils.java:197:	Method names should not start with capital letters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Utils.java:197:	Parameter 'list' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Utils.java:197:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Utils.java:199:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Utils.java:200:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Utils.java:205:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'uuid' (lines '205'-'208').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Utils.java:205:	Method names should not start with capital letters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Utils.java:205:	Parameter 'list' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Utils.java:205:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Utils.java:207:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Utils.java:208:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Lostshard/Utils/Utils.java:208:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Utils/ExtraMath.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Utils/ExtraMath.java:3:	All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Utils/ExtraMath.java:3:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Utils/ExtraMath.java:5:	Avoid variables with short names like n
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Utils/ExtraMath.java:5:	Method names should not start with capital letters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Utils/ExtraMath.java:5:	Parameter 'n' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Utils/ExtraMath.java:5:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Utils/RandomSelector.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Utils/RandomSelector.java:8:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Utils/RandomSelector.java:10:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Utils/RandomSelector.java:12:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Utils/RandomSelector.java:16:	Parameter 'object' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Utils/RandomSelector.java:16:	Parameter 'weight' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Utils/RandomSelector.java:16:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Utils/RandomSelector.java:20:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Utils/RandomSelector.java:21:	Avoid variables with short names like tw
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Utils/RandomSelector.java:21:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'tw' (lines '21'-'28').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Utils/RandomSelector.java:22:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'strings' (lines '22'-'25').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Utils/RandomSelector.java:24:	Avoid variables with short names like o
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Utils/RandomSelector.java:25:	Do not add empty strings
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Utils/RandomSelector.java:25:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'strings' (lines '25'-'25').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Utils/RandomSelector.java:25:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Utils/RandomSelector.java:25:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Utils/RandomSelector.java:30:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Utils/RandomSelector.java:34:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'o' (lines '34'-'39').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Utils/RandomSelector.java:34:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Utils/RandomSelector.java:36:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'weight' (lines '36'-'45').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Utils/RandomSelector.java:37:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'currentWeight' (lines '37'-'45').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Utils/RandomSelector.java:40:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Utils/RandomSelector.java:47:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'o' (lines '47'-'50').
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Utils/RandomSelector.java:47:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Utils/RandomSelector.java:48:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'total_weight' is not final.
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Utils/RandomSelector.java:49:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Utils/SelectorObject.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Utils/SelectorObject.java:3:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Utils/SelectorObject.java:5:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Utils/SelectorObject.java:6:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Utils/SelectorObject.java:8:	Parameter 'object' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Utils/SelectorObject.java:8:	Parameter 'weight' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Utils/SelectorObject.java:8:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Utils/SelectorObject.java:14:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/lostshard/Utils/SelectorObject.java:18:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
